
37 Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
38 What kind of pig can you ignore at a party? A wild bore.
39 What kind of murderer has fiber? A cereal killer.
44 A man walking down the streets sees another man with a very big dog. One man saysto the other, "Does your dog bite", the man replies "No my dog doesn't" The man pats the dogand has his hand bitten off, "I thought you said your dog didn't bite" said the injured man.“Thats not my dog", replied the other.
45 Q: What's the difference between a shoping trolley and a University vice chancellor?A: You fill them both up with as much food and alcohol you can, but it's only the shoppingtrolley that has a mind of its own.
46 Q. How do you catch a polar bear?A. You cut a hole in the ice and you put peas all round the edge and when the polar bearcomes along and stops for a pea, you kick it in the ice hole.
47 Why do Marxists like fruit infusions?Because all proper tea is theft!
48 What was born to succeed?A budgie with a blunt beak.
49 Three budgies in a cage, one on the top perch, one on the middle and one on thebottom perch.Which Budgie owns the cage?The one on the bottom perch, the other two are on higher perches.
50 what do you call a fly with no wings?a walk. 51 What do you call a teacher with no arms, no legs, and no body?The Head...
52 Q: Why should you never iron a four leaf clover?A: You should never press your luck!
53 What's ET short for?Because he's got little legs.
54 An 8-year-old girl went to her dad, who was working in the yard.She asked him, "Daddy, what is sex?"The father was surprised that she would ask such a question, butdecides that if she is old enough to ask the question, then sheis old enough to get a straight answer.He proceeded to tell her all about the ‘birds and the bees’. Whenhe finished explaining, the little girl was looking at him withher mouth hanging open. The father asked her, "Why did you askthis question?"The little girl replied, "Mom told me to tell you that dinnerwould be ready in just a couple of secs."
55 Did you hear about the ice-cream man, he was found dead in his ice-cream van,covered in chocolate sauce and hundreds-and-thousands? The police said that he had?topped? himself.
56 What lies on the bottom of the ocean and shakes? A nervous wreck.
57 Two cannibals are sitting around eating a clown. One clown says to the other, "Doesthis taste funny to you?"
58 A piece of straight, clean string goes into a bar and orders a gin and tonic. The barmanserves the drink, the string downs it and walks out. Ten minutes later a dirty, twisted, raggedpiece of string walks into the bar. "Here - are you that piece of string that was here tenminutes ago?" asks the barman - "No" replies the string "I'm a frayed knot"
59 there are these two sausages sizzling in a frying pan. the one turns to the other andsays "gees, it's hot in here" and the second one turns around and goes "AAAAH!, a talkingsausage".
60 Q - what did the grape say when the elephant trod on it?A - Nothing, it just gave a little wine.
61 A man walks into a bar and is about to order a drink when he notices Van Gogh playingthe fruit machine. He calls over, "Hey, Van Gogh! Want a drink?" and Van Gogh replies, "Nothanks. I've got one ere." 62 There were two cows in a field. One said "moo", the other one said "I was going to saythat!"
64 What did the landlord say as he threw Shakespeare out of his pub?"You're Bard!"
65 A three legged dog walks into a Saloon in the Wild West, the barman asks him what hewants.The dog replies "I'm looking fo the man that shot my paw"
66 Two owls are playing in the final of the Owl Pool Championship. It comes down tothe last frame. One of the owls is just about to play his shot, when his wingaccidentally touches a ball."That's two hits," says the other owl."Two hits to who?" says the first.
67 An atom walks into a bar and asks the bartender if he's seen his missing electron.“Are you sure she's missing", asks the bartender."I'm positive", replies the atom.(this is definitely a joke for science-minded people only)
68 Patient : "Doctor I keep hearing "The green, green grass of home" in my head.Doctor : "That's called the Tom Jones Syndrome"Patient : "Is it common ?"Doctor : "It's not unusual
69 Two aerials met on a roof, fell in love and got married.The ceremony was rubbish but the reception was brilliant.
70 Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac ?He used to lie awake at night wondering if there was a Dog!
71 What do you call a donkey with 3 legs?A Wonky
72 What?s brown and sticky?A stick
73 A horse walks in to a bar. The bartender says: "Why the long face?"
74 A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog vendor and says "Make me one with everything."
75 A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says to the mushroom. "Hey we don'tserve your kind here." The mushroom says “why not I'ma fun guy"
76 What did the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator?"Close the door! Can't you see I'm dressing?"
77 PATIENT..Doctor , people keep ignoring me.DOCTOR...Next please.
78 Q. What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?A. You can't wash your hands in a buffalo.
79 - How long did Cain hate his brother?-?- As long as he was able...
80 A grad student, a post-doc, and a professor are walking through a city park and theyfind an antique oil lamp. They rub it and a Genie comes out in a puff of smoke.The Genie says, "I usually only grant three wishes, so I'll give each of you just one.""Me first! Me first!" says the grad student. "I want to be in the Bahamas, driving a speedboatwith a gorgeous woman who sunbathes topless." Poof! He's gone.“Me next! Me next!" says the post-doc. "I want to be in Hawaii, relaxing on the beach with aprofessional hula dancer on one side and a Mai Tai on the other." Poof! He's gone."You're next," the Genie says to the professor.The professor says, "I want those guys back in the lab after Junch."
81 A penguin walks into a store and asks the teller, "Do you have any grapes?""No." He replies. This same thing happens the next day. On the third day the teller replies,"No, and if you come in asking for grapes again I will nail your flippers to the floor!" On thenext the penguin walks in and asks," Got any nails? "No." Replies the teller. "Got any grapes!"The penguin asks!
82 "I got that job down the bowling alley", "What tenpin", "No it's permanent"
83 Aman goes into the doctor with a penguin on his head.The doctor says "What can I do for you?" and the penguin says“well doc, it started as this growth on my foot..."
84 Aman goes to the doctor and says "Doctor, it hurts when I do this", and raises his arm.“Well, don't do it then", says the doctor.
86 Q: Did you hear about the Ice Cream Sales man that was found dead in his storecovered in chocolate sauce and syrup?A: Police think he topped himself!
87 How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
2-1 to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly coloured machine tools.88 Three vampires are sitting ata bar. Bartender asks the first one what he wants. "Ithink I'll have a glass of blood." "Okay, what'll you have?" he asks the second vampire. "Thatsounds good. I'll have a glass of blood too." "And what can I get for you?" he asks the thirdvampire. "I'll have a glass of plasma" said the third vampire. "Okay," said the bartender,“That's two bloods and a blood light, then."
89 A polar bear walks into a bar and the barman says, “what would you like to drink?".The polar bear hangs his head and sighs deeply and then sayss "I'll have a pint of bitterbarman".The barman looks at the bear and says "why the big paws?"
90 What does an agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac do?Stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
91 A termite walks into a cocktail lounge, and asks a customer, "Is the bartender here?"
92 Aman goes to the vet about his dog's fleas. The vet says "I'm sorry, I'll have to put thisdog down". The man is incredulous and asks why, and the vet says“because he is far too heavy."
93 An Englishman, an Irishman and a scotsman walk into a bar, the barman asks," Is this ajoke?"
94 A guy goes to the Doctors and he says "Doctor, I'm really worried about my brother, hethinks he's a Hen!"The Doctor says "well have you taken him to see a psychiatrist?", and the guy says "Don't bestupid, we need the eggs!"
95 A group of Chess enthusiasts were kicked out of a hotel reception for discussing theirwinning games. The manager can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
96 A brain and a pair of jumpleads walks into a bar. The brain orders two pints from thebarman but the barman refuses to serve him. When asked why, the barman replies " Wellyou're clearly out of your head, and your friend there looks as if he's about to startsomething"
97 The police arrested two men, one for drinking battery acid and the other for eating firecrackers. They charged one and let the other one off.
98 Aman went to a horse breeder and said, I want that horse. The breeder said that horseaint looking so good, but the man still wanted to buy it, so he did. The next day he came backwith the horse and said, you sold me a blind horse, the breeder replied I told you that horseaint looking so good
99 Two hikers were walking through the woods when they noticed a bear chargingtowards them in the distance. The first hiker removed his trail boots and began to lace up his running shoes. The second hiker laughed and said, "Why bother changing out of your boots?You can't outrun a bear." The first hiker replied, "I don't have to outrun the bear, I only haveto outrun you."
100 _ ~=Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. Then when you do criticizethem, you'll be a mile away and have their shoes.
101 Aman ona business trip is staying in a high-rise hotel with a bar on the top floor.After checking in and seeing his room, he decides to go upstairs. There's only one otherpatron in the bar. The businessman orders a drink and then watches in surprise as the otherpatron quickly eats an orange, chugs his beer, and jumps out the window.A minute later, the man returns. The businessman is shocked to see him again eat an orange,chug his beer and then jump out the window.When the man returns a third time, the businessman decides he can do this, too. He eats anorange, chugs his beer, then jumps out the window to his death.The bartender turns to the man and says, "You know, Superman, you're a real jerk whenyou're drunk."
102 Howmany surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?Two, one to do it, and another to hold the fish.
103 Asa funeral train passes by a golf course, a golfer on one of the greens stops,stands at attention with hat held over his heart as the hearse goes by. Then hegoes back to lining up his putt. His playing partner remarks how that was thenicest gesture he'd ever seen, to show such respect for the dead. The firstgolfer sinks his putt and says, "Well, she was a good wife for sixteen years."
104 Awoman has twin boys and gives them up for adoption. One goes to a family in Egypt,and is named "Amahl." The other goes to a family in Spain and is named "Juan." Years later,Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mom. Upon receiving the picture, she tells herhusband that she wishes she also had a picture of Amahl. Her husband responds, "But theyare identical twins. If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amahl.
105  Whatdo you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?A stick.
106 Man walking down the street meets a friend who has a lobster tucked under his arm.“Are you taking that lobster home to dinner?" he asks. "No," says friend, “he's had his dinnerand now I'm taking him to the pictures".
107 Aman is sat at home watching T.V. when he hears a knock at the door. The man getsup and answers the door, to his astonishment there is a snail at the door. The snail says "can isell you some double glazing." To which the man replies "no" and kicks him down the street.Two weeks later there is another knock at the door. The man answers it and it is the snailagain. The snail then say "what did you do that for then." 108 =‘ Patient: "Doctor, Doctor I think I'm a pair of curtains."Doctor: "Pull yourself together man."
109 ‘Patient: Dr, Dr - I can't get this song out of my head and it's driving me mad. I can'tstop humming "It's Good to Touch the Green Green Grass of Home"Doctor: "Hmm, sounds like Tom Jones Syndrome"Patient " Never heard of it"Doctor "Well it's not unusual..."
110 ~~‘ Extra strong mint and Mars bar are having a drink in the pub. Extra strong mint saysto Mars Bar, ‘I'm the hardest mint in town me! No-one's harder than me!'. With that, the bardoors swing open and in walks a Halls mint. Mars bar turns around and extra strong mint isquivering under the table. Mars bar says, Hang on a minute, | thought you were the hardestmint in town?!'. Extra strong mint says, ‘I might be hard, but he's menthal!'
111 Q. Why do cows have bellsA. Because there horns dont work
112 Three American Indian women in the wild west are about to give birth. One is lying ona buffalo skin; one is lying on a moose skin; and one is lying on a hippopotamus skin. The firstwoman gives birth to a boy. The second gives birth to a girl. And the third gives birth to a boyand agirl. And this proves... the squaw of the hide of the hippopotamus is equal to the sumof the squaws of the other two hides!
113 Guy walks into the doctor's with a strawberry growing out of his head.Doctor says ‘I can give you some cream for that’.
114 Aman goes toa diner. On the menu it says, "Breakfast Served Anytime" so, when thewaitress comes he orders French Toast during the Renaissance!
115 QQ: What happens to Composers when they die.A: They decompose
116 2 atoms were talking, 1 atom said to the other "why are you crying?" the atom replied"T've lost an electron", the first atom said "are you sure?", "yes" replied the other "I'mpositive!"
117 Two men jump out ofa plane. One is holding a Budgerigar, the other is holding aParrot and a shot-gun. As they fall away from the plane the man holding the budgie lets it go.A moment later the man with the Parrot lets go of his bird and takes a lame shot at it with theshotgun.They both hit the floor.In their dying moments, one turns to the other and says, "I don't think much of thisBudgiejumping"The other dying man turns to him and replies, "No, i don't think much of this high altitudeparatchuting!." 118 =I drunk driver is stop for heading the wrong way on a one-way street.The police officer asked the driver didn't you see the arrows.The drink responds, "Arrows, I couldn't even see the Indians.
119 Aman took his dog to the vet. "Sorry," said the vet, "but your dog is dead". Distraughtman asks the vet for a second opinion-- the vet brings in the practice cat. Cat sniffs around--no response from dog. Vet says "sorry, but your dog is dead". Man insists on a third opinion,so vet brings in the practice labrador. Practice dog sniffs around--no response from man'sdog. Reluctantly the man accepts his dog is dead. On the way out, the receptionist gives him abill for £1000. "Good grief,what is this for? "Well, said the receptionist, “it's £50 for the vet,£300 for the catscan and £600 for the lab report.
120 what game do you play with a wombat?answer - wom
121 aman walks into a shop and says "i'd like to buy a wasp, please."the shopkeeper replies "i'm sorry, sir, we don't sell wasps.""but," says the man "you have one in the window."
122 Awhite horse walked into a pub and ordered a lager. The landlord put the drink onthe bar and said ‘We've got a whisky named after you’. The horse replied ‘what, Eric?’.
123 While robbing a home, a burglar hears someone say, "Jesus is watching you." To hisrelief, he realizes it is just a parrot mimicking something it had heard.The burglar asks the parrot, "What's your name?"The parrot says, "Moses."The burglar goes on to ask, "What kind of a person names their parrot Moses?"The parrot replies, "The same kind of person that names his Rottweiler Jesus."
124 Howmany psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?Only one, but the light bulb's got to want to change.
125 Where can you find a Mozambique.On a mozam-bird!
126 Q: What's brown and sticky?A: A stick.
127 Aman gets knocked down by atruck. A guy says to him are you comfortable.He says I make a living!
128 Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors?Because if had 4 doors it would be a chicken sedan.
129  Q. Where do you keep a baby ape? A. In an apricot.
130 Whatdo you call a cow in a paddock with only two right legs...Lean Beef
131 Kid"Mummy! Mummy! There is a man with a bill at the door"Mother "Dont be silly dear, it must be a duck with a hat on!"
132  Q: What do you calla fly with no wings?A: A walk
133 Ashipwreck survivor washes up on the beach of an island and is immediatelysurrounded by a group of native warriors. "I'm done for", the man cries in despair."No you are not," comes a booming voice from the heavens. "Listen carefully, and do exactlyas I say. Grab the spear from the one who is beside you and shove it through the heart of thechief."The man does so, and the remainder of the band stare in disbelief. “Now, what?" the manasks the heavens.“Now, you are done for."
134 Two caterpillars were crawling along a leaf when a butterfly flew pastoverhead. One caterpillar turned to the other one and said: "You'll neverget me up in one of those things !"
135 Aman walks into a chip and asks for fish and chips twice please.The man behind the counter says "I heard you the first time"
136 I was in the waiting room of my doctor's office the otherday when the doctor started yelling, "Typhoid! Tetanus! Measles!"I went up to the nurse and asked her what the hell was going on.She told me that the doctor liked to call the shots.
137 Why is a tractor magic?Because it can go down a road and turn into a field!
138  =?Sally, can you spell ?water? for me?? The teacher asked.HIJKLMN 0 answered Sally promptlyHer teacher look puzzled. ?That doesn?t spell ?water.?? ?Sure it does,? said Sally. ?It?s all theletters from H to O.?
139 Aman walks into a bar and notices two pieces of beef nailed to the ceiling. He asks thebarman why they're there. "It's a competition. If you can climb up there and get those bits ofmeat down you'll get free drinks all night. But if you try and fail then you'll have to buy around for everyone in the pub. Do you fancy having a go?" The man has a long, hard look atthe ceiling before saying, "No, I'll just have a pint thanks. The steaks are too high." 140 Close your eyes. Dark isn't it?
141 Why did Ludwig v. Beethoven kill his two ducks? - They wouldn't stop saying "Bachbach" all the time..
142 Whatis green and if it were to fall from a tree would kill you? A snooker table
143 why don't polar bears eat penguines?because they can't get the wrappers off...
144 Askeleton walks into a pub and says, "Pint of bitter and a mop."
152 Doctor, Doctor, I can?t pronounce my F?s, T?s and H?s.??Well you can?t say fairer than that then?
154 What did the bird say as it flew over ASDA? "Cheap Cheap"
155 For alaugh three french soldiers put mustard in their ears from then on they are calledthe three mustardears!!!
156 Ablonde girl's husband buys her a mobile phone. She takes it out and he decides totest it out. He phones her and she answers it."It's very good," she says, "but how did you know I was at the hairdressers?"
157 Aman walks into a bar and orders a pint. Then he hears little voices saying things like‘Oooh, you look really nice’ and 'That haircut really suits you’. He tells the barman about itwho says ‘Just ignore it, it's the peanuts, they're complimentary’.
195 ANardvark walks into a bar and the bartender says why the long face.
196 aworried man goes to see his priest."Father, I am worried. I think that my wife is trying to poison me."Said the priest: "Hold on my son, let me talk to your wife and come back to see me tomorrow,then I shall be able to give you some advice."The following day the man aging comed to his priest who tells him: "Well my son, I havetalked to your wife for nearly two hours. My advise to you is :Take the poison"
197 = Q. Why did the koala fall out of the tree? A. Because it was deadQ. Why did the second koala fall out of the tree? A. Because it was holding on to the first koala.Q. Why did the third koala fall out of the tree? A. Because he thought it was a game.Q. Why did the little boy fall off his bike? A. Because he was hit by three koalas.
198 Ahorse walks into a bar, the bartender turns & asks the horse whats with the longface. 199 An Englishman, an Australian and an American walk into a bar. The barman asks them"is this ajoke?"
200 Aman puton aclean pair of socks every day of the week. By Friday he could hardlyget his shoes on.
201 Howmany psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?Just one -- but the light bulb really has to want to change.
202 What do you get when you pour boiling water down a rabbit hole?Hot cross bunnies.
203 Did you hear about the termite who walked into an all-wooden bar and asked, "Is thebartender here?”
204 The doctor says to the patient, "You're in excellent health - you'll live to be 90." Thepatient replies, "But Doctor, 1am 90!" The doctore responds, "Well, that's it, then."
205 there are 3 wives who want to decide what to wear. first one says ,my husband hasblack hair I will wera black dree. second says my husband hair is grey and I will wear a greydress and the third one gets worried and starts panicking. when asked she tells the other twothat her husband is bald so she would have to wear nothing to the party.
206 What will Postman Pat be called when he retires?Pat
207 Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?answer: he was dead
208 Apork Pie walks into a Pub and says ‘Ill have a pint please',to which the landlordreplies - ‘sorry we dont serve food’.
209 Aman took his Rottweiler to the vet and said to him, "My dogs cross-eyed. Is thereanything you can do for it?""Well", said the vet, "Let's have a look at him." So he picks the dog up by the ears and has agood look at its eyes."Well," Says the vet, "I'm going to have to put him down.""Just because he's cross-eyed?" said the man."No, because he's heavy," said the vet.
210 George Howard, the man famous for writing the Hokey Polky died last week. They hada horrible time at the funeral parlor, first they put his left leg in...
211 Aman died and his wife phoned the newspaper to place an obituary. She called theobituary department and said, "This is what I want to print: Bernie is dead." The man at the newspaper said, "But for $25 you are allowed to print six words." The woman answered, "OK.Then print: Bernie is dead. Toyota for sale."
212  Sadie's husband Jake has been slipping in and out of a coma for several months, yet hisfaithful wife stays by his bedside day and night. One night, Jake comes to and motions for herto come closer. He says, "My Sadie, you have been with me through all the bad times. When Igot fired, you were there to support me. When my business failed, you were there. When I gotshot, you were by my side. When we lost the house, you gave me support. When my healthstarted failing, you were still by my side. You know what, Sadie?" "What dear?" she askedgently. "I think you're bad luck."
213 = Alittle boy went up to his father and asked: "Dad, where did all of my intelligencecome from?" The father replied: "Well, son, you must have gotten it from your mother, ‘causeI still have mine."
214 Why is the number eight afraid of the number seven?Because seven ate nine.
215 Aneutron walks into a bar, and says "Give me a beer."The bartender says "Hey! Neutron! For you - no charge!"
216 One morning, a girl says to her mum, "Does God use our bathroom?"Her mum replies, "No dear, why do you ask?"The little girl says, "Well, every morning daddy says 'Oh God, are you still in there!"
217 Aman driving into town spots a truck broken down on the side of the road. He stops tohelp. The truck driver says he is on his way to deliver some penguins to the zoo. The truckdriver say, "I'll give you some cash if you could take the penguins to the zoo for me." The managrees.Later, when the truck is fixed,the truck driver drives into townand spots the man close to thezoo, walking with a row of pengiuns waddling behind him, away from the zoo.The truck driver stops and asks, “What are you doing? I gave you money to take the penguinsto the zoo?"The man replies., "I did , but we got change so we're going to the movies!"
218 Where do sheep get their haircut?At the Bah-Bah-Shop.
219 What do you get if you cross frosty the snowman with count dracula? Frostbite
220 Did you hear about the two maggots who were fighting in dead Earnest?
221 What do you call a woodpecker without a beak?A Head banger
222 were do computers go on hoilday ? the big apple 223  Q:Howdo you catch a unique rabbit?A: Unique up on it.Q: How do you catch a tame rabbit?A: The tame way.
224 why did the chicken cross the road?To get to the other side...
225 Two sailors are eating biscuits together. One breaks a biscuit and two bugs, one largeand one small, jump out and run across the table. The sailor asks his mate, "Now, is it betterto eat the big one or the small one?" The other replied, "The answer is simple: you mustalways choose the lesser of two weevils."
226 Did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic insomniac? He lies awake all night long,wondering if there really is a dog.
227 What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? "Make me one with everything."
228 what did the 0 say to the 8?Nice belt!
229 Where would you find a tortoise with no legs ? Wherever you left it
230 Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree?It was dead.Why did the second squirrel fall out of the tree?It thought it was a game.Why did the tree fall over?It thought it was a squirrel!
231  Asandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer and the barman says "I'm sorry wedon't serve food"
232 What's brown and sits on a piano bench?Answer: Beethoven's Last Movement
233 Bobis sitting in a bar next to a guy named Clark. Clark gets his usual and drains it hethen turns to Bob and says, "I bet you I can jump of the roof and loat to the ground." Bob says“okay go for it." So clark jumps and floats to the ground. So Bob orders what clark just hadand tries to jump and float. So he jumps and SPLAT he hits the ground and dies. Clark walksback in the bar and the barkeep says "You know Superman you're really mean when yourdrunk!"Rimshot!! 234 Did you hear that they dug up Beethoven's body last week? They found himdecomposing.
235 what do an eagle and a lion have in common?they both have wings, except for the lion.
236 howdo you geta pikachu onto a bus? you pokemon
237 Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Because he couldn'tconcentrate
238 What do you call a donkey with three legs?A wonkey.
239 What do you call a man in a bush?Russell.
240 Aman walks into a bar and says- “ouch thats hot", It was a BARbeque.
241 = Theres a toilet on a hill. There is a man walking up the hill and a man walking downand a man in the toilet. What are there nationalitys?the man going up is Russin and the man going down is finishan and the man in the toilet iseuropean.
242  Q. Why did the chicken cross the playground?A. To get to the other slide.
243 what do mexicans keep under the carpet? Underlay! Underlay! Underlay!
244 Newspaper Headline: Man who commits suicide twice is sentenced to life in prison.
245  Q: What is red and looks like a bucket?A: A Red bucket!Q: What is blue and looks like a bucketA: A Red bucket in disguise!
246 Q: Whatis gray?A: A melted penguin!
247 QQ. What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?A. You can't wash your hands in a buffalo.
248 Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?It was dead.Why did the squirrel fall out of the tree?It was stapled to the monkey. 249 Aman driving on a highway is pulled over by a police officer. The officerasks, "Did you know your wife and children fell out of your car a kilometreback?",A smile creeps onto the man's face and he exclaims, "Thank God! I thought Iwas going deaf!"
250 Q: where is a cemetery located in any town?A: In the Dead center of it!
251  Acouple of New Jersey hunters are out in the woods when one of them falls to theground. He doesn't seem to be breathing, his eyes are rolled back in his head.The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911. He gasps to the operator, "My friend isdead! What can I do?"The operator, in a calm soothing voice says, "Just take it easy. I can help. First, let's make surehe's dead."There is a silence, then a shot is heard. The guy's voice comes back on the line. He says, "OK,now what?"
252 Aman walks into a bar and says ouch!!!Get it?
253 baby polar bear asks its dad, ‘am ia black bear?' ‘no' says dad. 'amia grizzly bear?’‘no, you're a polar bear. go ask your mother, son.' baby polar bear asks its mum, ‘amiabrown bear, or asun bear?' ‘no’, says mum. 'amia black bear or a koala bear?' ‘no, you're apolar bear. why do you ask, son?' ‘because i am so cold...!'
254 Anewly ordained priest is nervous about hearing confessions and asks an older priestto observe one of his sessions to give him some tips. After a few minutes of listening, the oldpriest suggests that they have a word. "Iv'e got a few suggestions,"he says. "Try folding yourarms over your chest and rub your chin with one hand."The new priest tries this. "Very good,"says his senior. "now try saing things like ‘I see',"I understand’ and ‘Yes, go on."The ounger priest practises these sayings, too.“Well done," says the older priest. "Don't you think that's better than slapping your knee andsaying, ‘No way!what happened next?"
255 ~~ Claire: Knock KnockNeil: Who's there?Claire: An interrupting cowNeil: An interrupt..Claire: MOO
256 Man goes to the doctor and complains that every time he touches his foot he feelsexcruciating pain. The doctor writes it down and asks if it gurts anywhere else. Todemonstrate, the man also touches his shin and thigh and screams out with pain. Althoughthe doctor examines tha man, he can not diagnose the source of the pain and refers him to a specialist. A few weeks later the man returns and the doctor eagerly asks the man if thespecialist found out what was wrong. Yes, said the man. He discovered my finger was broken!
257 What do you call an aarvark that has been beaten up?Avark.
258  Whatis the difference between a doctor and God? God doesn't think he is a doctor!
259 Why did the whale jump out of the water? To get to the other side.
260 Q. What did the English policeman say when he came home and found his wife in bedwith three men? A. ‘Ello. ‘Ello. ‘Ello!
261 Manis looking down from a plane as it flies over the Pacific Ocean. He turns to the ladynext to him and asks: That island down there. Is it pronounced Hawaii or Havaii? The womanreplies Havaii. The man says: Thank you. The woman replies: You're velcome!
262 Why did the ‘possum cross the road? To get half-way across.Why did the chicken cross the road? To show the ‘possum it could be done.Why did the anarchist monkey cross the road? He was stapled to the chicken.Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? No guts.
263 Aman walks into arestaurant and growls at the maitre d', "Do you serve crabs here?"the maitre d' responds "We serve anyone. Have a seat sir."
264 Ina3rd grade class Jonny was asked if he knew what a canabil was. He said to theteacher "no sir" "Well, if you ate your parents what would you be?" Jonny,s teacher asked himand Jonny said "An orphen, sir"
265 Did you hear about the rooster who stayed awake all night so that he could see wherethe sun went?It finally dawned on him.
266 Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
267 Whatis the new pirate movie rated? Arrrirrrirrr.
268 The monks were busy in the monastery copying those beaytiful illuminatedmanuscripts that they used to do when one young monk suggested that since they werecopying copies perhaps it might be timely to examine the original to make sure that theircopies were correct. The Abbot agreed and sent the monk down into the basement of themonastery to find and examine the original. The young monk was away for some time andfinally the abbot went to find him. When he did he found himmin tears and asked him whatwas wrong. Through his tears the monk blurted out "The word was celebrate!" 269 Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly.
270 ‘Ifyou never can make things work from the first try, skydiving is not for you.
271 | was getting forgetful so I went to the neighbors and aske the husband what is thename of your mental doctor that you have been braging about.He aske me what flower has along steam with thorns.] said a rose.He said thank you,thank you,hey Rose what is the nameof my memory doctor.
272 Never wrestle with a pig: You both get all dirty, and the pig likes it.
273 | have seen the truth and it makes no sense.
274 Amanran into the house breathless and he said to his wife, "Honey, you should be soproud of me, I just saved $1.50 by not taking the bus, but I chased it all the way home- Thewife replied, "You want a medal for that?-You should have chased a cab and saved yourself
15!
275  Aduck walks into a pharmacy. He says, "I'd like a chapstick." The pharmacist handshim the chapstick and asks, "will that be cash or charge?" The duck replies, "just put it on mybill.”
276 There are two fish in a tank.The first fish says to the second fish: "How the hell do we drive this thing?"
277 Helicopters can't really fly - they're just so ugly that the earthimmediately repels them.
278 whats brown and sticky?a stick
279 Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? It was dead.
280 ‘Did you hear about the maniac riding on the subways chopping peoples arms off?The police caught him and charged him with armed robbery!
281 A biology student had to write a computer program, but he had troublesto make it work. He asked his roommate, who was a computer science major,to look at his programm and tell him where the error is. The computerguy looked through the code for some time, then glanced desperately at hisfriend and said: "In DNA".
282 What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
283 Howcan you tell the difference between a dead cat in the road ora dead lawyer in the road? The dead cat has tread marks. 284 Well, you see, there are basically three kinds of people in the world. Those who cancount and those that can't.
285 = - Can you swim?- Some times.- What do you mean by "some times"?- Only when I'm in the water.
286 Aman walks into a psychiatrist's office dressed only in saran wrap. The psychologisttakes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see you're nuts."
287 Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?He was dead.Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree?He was stapled to the first monkey.Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree?Peer pressure.
288 First magician: "Who was that lady I sawed with you last night?"Second magician: "That was no lady; that was my half-sister!"
289 Why does a golfer bring two pairs of pants when he plays golf? A Incase he gets a holein one.
290 whats a good parting gift? A comb
291 Knock knockWho's there?DishwasherDishwasher who?Dish wash er way i spoke until i got my false teeth
292 Howdo you make ahankichief dance? Puta little bogey in it.
293 Howdo you hide an elephant in a cherry tree? You paint its toenails red!
294  Whatis read white and black all over? A used newspaper!
295 Did you hear about the two atennae that got married? The wedding wasn't very good,but the reception was teriffic!
296 aguy takes his nasty dog for a walk every night and manages to beat up another dogevery night. one night while walking his dog he comes upon this guy walking a yellow dog, heunleases his nasty dog saying "go get him boy", as he runs up to the yellow dog, the yellowdog grabs him by the neck, shakes him a couple of times, flips him over and breakes his neck and the nasty dog is dead. the owner of the nasty dog says wow! thats the first time in twoyears that my dog has lost a fight, what kind of dog do you have? the other guy says " before icut off his tail and painted him yellow, he used to be an alligater!!!
297 The man had gone to the dentist for his annual checkup. The dentist asked the man ifhe had been eating anything over the past few months that was not ordinarily in his diet. Theman said, "Why yes, I have as a matter of fact. My wife developed a new receipt for hollandisesauce that is just terrific and I have been putting it on almost everything that I eat." "Well",said the dentist, "I'm afraid that the acid in the lemon juice used in the hollandise sauce hasstarted to corrode your dental plate. I'll have to make you a new plate. But this time, I'll makeit out of chrome." "Out of chrome!" exclaimed the man. "Why would you do that?"."Because," said the dentist........"as everyone knows"......"there's no plate like chrome for thehollandise"
298 Why dont English rugby players get vaccinated before touring?they never catch anything.
299 Q:Why can't two elephants go swimming at the same time?A:Because they only have one pair of trunks!
300 Q:-How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?A:-Fish.
301 A length of Rope went into a bar, sat on a stool, and ordered a beer. The Bartendersaid, "We don't serve Ropes here." Dismayed and disappointed, the Rope went out and thengot an idea. He stopped a man and asked, "Will you please tie a knot in me and separate mystrands at both ends?". The man obliged, and with this done, the Rope went back into the barand again ordered a beer. The Bartender looked him over and said, "Say, aren't you the samerope who was in here before?!" "No," was the reply, "I'm a frayed knot."
304 Q. Why did the ram jump over the cliff?A. He didn't see the ewe turn.
305 Why do bees hum ? Because they don't know the words
306 Two notso bright people walking along one day. One says ‘Horse tracks!', the otherdisagrees, ‘Rabbit tracks | think’ just before the train hit them!
307 Whats ET short for? Because he's got little legs!
308 a bear walks into a bar and says "Can I have a pint of lager ANd... ee eesesseestessteeeeeteeeneees apacket of crisps please?"the barman says "Why the big pause" 309 Did you read about the midget clarivoyant who escaped from jail? The headline said“small medium at large."
310 Howmany psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, but thelightbulb's gonna want to change.
311 A penguin walks ito a bar and asks the barman "have you seen my brother?"the barman replies "I dunno, What does he look like?"
312 There was a husband and his wife sitting next to adrunk inabar. Suddenly the drunk stands up and yells, "ATTENTIONALL" and farts loudly.The wife is extremely embarrassed, and the husband looks atthe drunk and says" Excuse me, you just farted before mywife.”The drunks replies," I'm sorry I didn't know it was her turn."
313 Why did the tomato turn red?She/He saw the salad dressing!
314 Whatdo you call a deer with no eyes?No idear.
315 Aguy walks in to his psychiatrists office and says" Doc you got to help me, One night Idream I'm a tepee and the next night i dream that iam a wigwam." The doctor say's," relax,you're two tents."
316 Whatdo you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?Still no idear.
317 "Doc, I can't stop singing the green green grass of home"“that sounds like Tom Jones syndrome""Is it common?"“It's not unusual."
318 From The Times:‘A young girl, who was blown out to sea onaset of inflatable teeth, was rescued by aman on an inflatable lobster. A coast-guardspokesman commented:"This sort of thing is all too common these days."
319 what has 2 legs and bleeds profusely?Halfa cat
320 Aman wakes up in hospital. "Doctor, Doctor, I can't feel my legs!""I know," replies the doctor, "We had to amputate your arms."
321 One penguin says to another, "You look like you're wearing a tux."The second penguin replies, "Who says I'm not?"
322 Why do elephants put catsup in their navels?Answer: So they can eat french fries while lying on their backs.
323 This chap lives alone and he was feeling a bit lonely, so he goes tothe pet shop to get something to keep him company. The pet shop ownersuggested an unusual pet, a talking millipede."OK," thought the man,"T'll give it a go..."So he bought a millipede, took it home, and for lack of advance preparations, made it atemporary home in a cardboard box.That evening testing his new pet, he leaned over the closed box andsaid, "I'm going to the pub for a drink, do you want to come too?"He waited a few moments but there was no reply.He tried again, "Hey, millipede, wanna come to the boozer with me???"Again, no response.Disgusted by his gullible nature, he decided to give it one more trybefore returning the millipede to the pet shop.So he got real close to the box and repeated rather loudly , "I SAID I'M GOING TO THE PUBFOR A DRINK. DO YOU WANNA COME?""[ heard you the first time!!" snapped the millipede, "I'm just putting my bloody shoes on..."
324 Did you hear about the farmer who won the Nobel Prize for being outstanding in hisfield?
325 Two drunks are sitting at a bar.The first one says, "What's this thing that they call a ‘Breathalyzer'?"The second guy says, "It's a bag that can tell how much you drank."The first guy says, "I married one of those things years ago."
326 There were three guys. They each were asked to name something green, pink andyellow. The first guy said "my shirt is green, my tie is pink and my pants are yellow". Thesecond guy said "the grass is green, the sun is yellow and my door is pink." The third guy said"the phone goes ‘green green’, | pink it up and say ‘yellow"’.
327 Awhite horse goes into a pub and orders a drink.The publican says, "Here, we've got a drink named after you!"The horse says, “What, Eric?"
328 Whatdo you call a woman with one leg shorter than the other?Answer: IleneWhat do you call her if she's Japanese? Answer: Irene
329 What's orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot!
330 =A truckdriver saw a priest hitchhiking. He thought he would do a good turn and pulledthe truck over."No problem, Father! Ill give you a lift. Climb in the truck." The happy priestclimbed into the passenger seat and the truck driver continued down the road.Suddenly the truck driver saw a lawyer walking down the road and instinctively he swervedto hit him. But he remembered there was a priest in the truck with him, so at the last minutehe swerved back away, narrowly missing the lawyer. But even though he was sure he missedthe lawyer he still heard a loud "THUMP". He glanced in his mirrors and when he didnit seeanything, he turned to the priest and said, "Iim sorry Father. I almost hit that lawyer.""Thatis okay," replied the priest. "I got him with the door!"
331 Craig David ,Shaggy and Britney Spears wre stuck in an elevator when they smelledsomething like rotten eggs,Craig David said "I'm walkin' away" Shaggy said "it wasn't me" andBritney Spears said "Oops | did it again"
332 Whatdo you get when you cross an elephant and a kangaroo?Big holes all over Australia!!
333. Q. Who won the boxing match between the beaver and the hedgehog?A. The hedgehog, on points.
334 Aman was walking in the park when he came across a koala .He took it to thepolieman and sid "i've found this koala what should i do with him" The policeman said ,"takehim to the zoo"The next day the policeman was walking in the same park when he saw the same man withthe same koala. He said , "didn't i tell you to take that koala to the zoo?""Yes", The man answered, that's what I did and today I'm taking him to the movies.
335 Aman finds a genie who says that it will grant him three wishes but that everypollitition in Australia would get double.The man says, "Ok, I wish for $1 million""Granted", says the genie, "but remember every pollitition in Australia will get double"The man says, "Ok, now I wish for a Ferrarii""Granted", says the genie, "but remember every pollitition in Australia will get double. Yourfinal wish?"The man says, "I wish to have one of my kidneys removed"
336 what's white blue and green? A fridge wearing jeans sitting in a field!!!
337 Whats brown and sounds like a bell?Dung! 338 Whatis grey and goes bang, bang, bang, bang?A four-door elephant
339 Aduck walks into a drugstore, and asks the cashier if he has any beer. The man says"No, this is a Drugstore, we don't sell beer here" The Duck leaves, and returns home. The nextday, he comes back to the store and asks the cashier again. The man then replies, "I told youyesterday! We dont' sell beer here! If you ask me one more time, I am going to nail your feetto the florr!" The ducks leaves again. One final time the duck enters the store the next day,and this time says, "Do you have any nails?" The Man replies, "No" The duck then says, "Doyou have any beer?"
340 what do you call am italian with a rubber toe? Roberto
341 Why do elephants have big ears?Noddy wouldn't pay the ransom
342 Howdo you stop a bear from charging? You take away its credit card.
343 Aman took his Rottweiler to the vet."My dog's cross-eyed, is there anything you can do for him?""Well," said the vet, "let's have a look at him."So he picked the dog up and examined his eyes, then checked his teeth.Finally, he said, "I'm going to have to put him down."“What? Why? Because he's cross-eyed?""No, he's heavy."
344 Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?He didn't have the guts to do it!
345 What time is it?Time you got a new watch.
346 Two elephants fall off a cliff.Thud. Thud.
347 Why did the man drown in a bowl of cake mix?He got pulled under by a particularly strong current!!
348 why do ducks have flat feet?To stamp out forest fires!!
349 Whatdo you calla fly with no wings?A walk!!!
350  Whatdo you call a child who fries and eats both his parents?An orphan. 351 Newspaper Reports say a toilet has been stolen.Policve say they have nothing to go on
352 Why has Edward Woodward got so many 'D's in his name?Because otherwise he'd be called Ewar Woowar
353 Did you hear about the scarecrow that won a Nobel prize? He was out, standing in hisfield.
354 Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers?In case he got a ‘hole in one'!
355 Howdo you get four elephants into a Mini?Two in the front, two in the back.
356 Whatdo you call a mushroom at a disco?A fun guy
357 Two atoms are walking down the road.One says to the other, "OH NO! I just dropped an electron!"“Are you sure?" asks his friend."Yes" he replies "I'm POSITIVE!"
358 A bunch of highland cows are standing in a field in Scotland.Which one's on holiday?.. The one with the wee calf!
359 — - Knock knock.- Who's there?- Buh- Buh who?- Don't be sad
360 Two pieces of tarmac go into a pub and boast to the barman about how hard they are,“We're motorway us."Then another piece of tarmac enters and the first two hide under a table. "What's wrong?"says the barman, "I thought you were really hard?"“We are," they say, "but he's a cycle path."
361 Along time ago, there were 3 little bears.....now there's lots of them
362 Whatis black and white and eats like a horse?A Zebra 363 There were two cows in afield. One said "moo", the other one said "I was going to saythat!"
364 What's Brown, sits in a tree and can't sing?Des O'conker
365 Howdo you killa circus? Go for the juggler.
366 Howdo you turn a duck into a soul singer?Stick it in the oven and wait till its Bill Withers.
367 why did the swedish factory worker get sacked??Because he always took stock home! (stockholm!)
368 There was a teddy bear who went to work on a building site. On his first day he wentoff for lunch and left his tools behind. When he came back he noticed that his pick wasmissing. When he told the foreman the foreman said "Didn't you know today's the day theteddy bears get their picks nicked"!
369 Aman goes to the doctor and says ‘Doctor, there's a piece of lettuce sticking out of mybottom’. The doctor asks him to drop his trousers and examines him. The man asks ‘Is itserious, doctor?’ and the doctor replies ‘I'm sorry to tell you but this is just the tip of theiceberg’.
370 what do ucall thieves on a washing line?ans: knickers
371 Did you hear about the man who drowned in a bowl of muesli?He was pulled under by a strong currant!
372 Ayoung girl is walking along the river and comes across a religious gathering wherethe minister is baptizing members of his flock. The minister asks the girl if she has foundJesus. [No,O she says. Whereupon the minister pushes her underwater, pulls her back up,and repeats, {Have you found Jesus?0 {No,0 she says, and is dunked back in the water andagain asked, [Have you found Jesus?0 INo!,O she says in exasperation, [Are you sure this iswhere he fell in?0
373 Shakespeare walks into a pub. The bloke behind the counter says, "I'm not serving youmate - you're Bard."
374 Two parrots sitting on a perch.One says to the other, "Can you smell fish?"
375 Why is 6 afraid of 7Because 7 "ate" 9 376 I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yellinglike his passengers
377 What's red and invisible?No tomatoes.
378 Marge: "Homer, you never listen to anything | say!"Homer: "Thank you. I would like an omlet."
379 2 cows are ina field.the first cow says "hmm i feel a little bit sick"the second cow replies "Shut up! or you'll get us both killed!"
380 _whatis the sleepiets fish?a kipper
381 A polar bear goes into a bar and says to the barman "Could IJ have a pint of beer andsessaeeseaeesaeesnteeeaeenseeenteeeaeenneenaees a packet of crisps please?". The barman says "Certainly - what's withthe enormous paws (pause)?"
382 Whatdo you call a cow that eats grass?A lawn moo-er
383 2 robbers went 2 the gates of heven an angle said god there is 2 robbers at the gatesgod said let them in so the angle went 2 let them in he came running in and said "they'regone,they're gone,"god:who the robbers no the gates!!
384 Q: Why don't anteaters get sick?A: Because they're full of antibodies.
385 A Texan is bragging, as usual:"You know," he says, "I can get in my Cadillac at 7 a.m., drive all day long and still be on myproperty.""Yes," replies his listener, "I had a car like that once."
386 Aman walks into a bar and hears someone say, "Hey, you look NICE today!!!" He turnsaroud and asks the bartender, "Who said that?" The bartender answers, "The peanuts...they're COMPLEMENTARY!!!"
387 Two sheep were standing on a hillside in Scotland, one looks up and says“paaaaaaaaaa..." The other says, "Bloody hell, I was gonna say that!"
388 Q-When's the best time to have a tooth pulled? A- Tooth-Hurty 389 Aman walks into a pub, goes up to the bar "Pint of best" he says to the bar man.Whilst waiting for his drink he notices that Vincent Van Gogh is sitting at one of the tables Hegoes up to him and says"Are you Vincent Van Gogh?""Yes" the old man replies.“do you want a pint Vincent?""No, ta. I've got one “ere.”
390 Adog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "Hey bartender, it's my birthday!How about a free drink?" The bartender says, "Sure pal, the toilet's down the hall."
391 Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson were going camping. They pitched their tent underthe stars and went to sleep. Sometime in the middle of the night Holmes woke Watson up.“Watson, look up at the stars, and tell me what you see." Watson said, "I see millions andmillions of stars." Homes: "and from that you deduce?" Watson: "Well, if there are millions ofstars, and in even a few of those have planets, its quite likely there are some planets like earthlike earth out there. And if there are a few planets like earth out there, there might also belife." Holmes: "Watson, you idiot, somebody stole our tent."
392 Whatis the last thing a fish says when it hits a wall?Dam!
393 Did you here about the magic tractor ?It was driving down a lane then it turned into a field !
394 Where do you find a dog with no legs?Wherever you left him.
395 Three guys walk into an office building...you think one of them would of noticed it wasthere...
396 Two peanuts walk into a bar...........One was a salted
397 Apparently 1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. And there are 5 people in my family,so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or dad, my older brother Colin or my youngerbrother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think its Colin
398 Whatdo you call a mushroom who buys you drinks all night?A real Fungi to be with.
399 You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving the other day. They lefta little note on my windscreen saying parking fine. So that was nice
400 QQ: Why did the egg cross the road?A: To research its geneology. 401 Q.What did the monk say when returning to his monestary after a trip around theworld? A. The world is my cloister.
402 Whats black and shiny and sails the seven seas? ....Binbag the sailor!
403  Whathas more courage, a stump or arock? A rock, because it's a little boulder.
404 Aneutron walks into a bar. He asks the bartender for a drink.When it's served, he asks how much it will be."For you," the bartender answers, "no charge."
405 News Flash from Chicago: Man found face down in bathtub full of milk and corn flakeswith banana in rear! Police looking for cereal killer.
406 Two jelly babies walked into a bar with their friend the Hard Gum. When they went upto get drinks, some cough sweets went up to them and started hassling them. The jelly babieswere a bit scared and went to the Hard Gum to ask for a bit of help. He replied , "I'm not goinganywhere hear them, they're menthol!".
407 A turtle was walking down an alley in New York when he was mugged by a gangof snails. A police detective came to investigate and asked the turtle if hecould explain what happened. The turtle looked at the detective with a confusedlook on his face and replied "I don't know, it all happened so fast."
408 QQ: Where does a King keep his armies?A: In his sleevies
409 Awoman walked into a bar and ordered a double entendre, so the barman gave herone.
410 Where do horses go when they are injured or hurt?The Horsepital.
411 It's ahot day, and everyone is on the beach.And it's strange, because everyone has bought an ice-cream cone, and is feeding the sea-gullswith it; two gulls to each person.So I went bought an ice-cream, and straight away the gulls came down to steal it.So of course I chased them away, but they kept on coming, and then this old man wondersover in my direction. He's got an ice-cream, and two gulls eating it. And he says: "You'll neverstop them, so do what everyone else is doing: relax, enjoy yourself, and let the gulls have theice-cream.....""Why?" I asked."Because," he said, "that way you'll be chilling two birds with one cone."("killing two birds with one stone"... of course) 412 Rene Descarte walks into a bar.Bartender says, "have a beer?"Descarte says, "I think...not..."and disappears.
413 why did the mouse squeak?‘cos it needed oiling
414 What do you get when you cross an elephant with arhino? Hellifino.
415 Q: Name 2 crustaceansA: King Crustacean & Charring Crustacean
416  abrain and aset of jump leads walk into a bar, "two pints of beer pleasebarman" asks the brain "sorry guys can't serve you tonight" replies the barman“why not" asks the brain "because you're out your head and he's likly to startsomthing"
417 I've heard that cardiovascular exercise can prolong life. Is this true?Your heart is only good for so many beats, and that's it. Everythingwears out eventually. Speeding up your heart will not make you livelonger; that's like saying you can extend the life of your car by drivingit faster. Want to live longer? Take a nap.
418 Two spiders were playing football in a saucer.One says to the other: "I'm getting really bored with this."The other says: "Don't worry, we're playing in the cup next week."
419 why can't you milk a mouse?‘cos you can't get a bucket under it
420 Inventions today: it's reported that a new kind of pillowcase has been invented, madeout of cordurouy.It's making headlines.
421 This guy is walking past a wooden fence. On the other side of the fence is an asylum.The inmates are all screaming at the tops of their lungs, “Thirteen! Thirteen! THIRTEEN!"The guy notices a small hole in the fence and his curiosity naturally gets the better of him. Hetakes a peek and a finger suddenly pops out and jabs him in the eye. He yells in pain as theinmates start shouting, "Fourteen! Fourteen! FOURTEEN!!"
422 What's red and sits in the corner?A naughty bus!
423 Why did the chicken cross the road?To get to the rooster on the other side. 424 Two Bears in an airing cupboard, which one is in the army ?The one on the tank !!boom boom
425  Alittle boy mouse goes into a music shop and asks for a mouse-organ.The shopkeeper says:“That's a coincidence, we had a little girl mouse in here yesterday, asking for the same thing."The mouse replies:“That must have been our Monica."
426  Adoctor says to his patient, 'I have bad news and worse news’.‘Oh dear, what's the bad news?’ asks the patient.The doctor replies, ‘You only have 24 hours to live’.‘That's terrible’, said the patient. ‘How can the news possibly be worse?'The doctor replies, ‘I've been trying to contact you since yesterday’.
427 What do baby apes sleep in?Apricots!
428 Two hunters were walking through the woods.Suddenly, a naked lady stepped out of the brush and said, "I'm game!",so they shot her.
429  Man1"My wife's gone to the West Indies."Man2 "Jamaica?"Man1 "No she went of her own accord":
430 Howdo you keep your nose from running?Teach it to WALK!
431 What can you eat in a Cyber Cafe?Micro Chips
432 Ayoung karate champion joined the Army. The first time he saluted, he killed himself.
433 Ifl hada pet newt I would call him "Tiny", because he'd be my newt.
434 Ifcorn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
435  Apiece of string walks into a bar one day and asks for a beer.The bar tender says, "I'm sorry but we don't serve string in this bar."The piece of string walks out and returns the next day asking for a beer.No luck. The bar tender turns him away again, "Sorry but we don't serve string in this bar." The next day the piece of string returns to the bar, but before entering, he ties a knot inhimself and messes up his hair.He enters the bar and asks for a beer."Aren't you a piece of string?" the bar tender asks."No," he replies, "I'm a frayed knot."
436 What was born to succeed?A budgie with a blunt beak!
437 Why do gorillas have big nostrils?Because they have big fingers!
438 Doctor. Doctor. "I've got a strawberry stuck up my bum."Doctor. "I've got some cream for that."
439 How much does a pirate pay to have his ear pierced?A Buccaner (buck an ear)
440 Adrunk was standing ona London Street corner shouting "It can't be done! It can't bedone!" Just ten, a Bobby aproached him and said: "What can't be done?"The drunk answered, "Look, up there on that sign, it says ‘DRINK CANADA DRY. ' It just can'tbe done ...It's too Bloody big!!!"
441 Amother & daughter go out looking for Barbie Dolls, but can't find any prices in theshop, so they ask an assistant to help. "This is Single Barbie, she cost £20, and this is MarriedBarbie, she costs £40, and this one is Divorced Barbie, she costs £250", says the assistant.“Why so much for the Divorced Barbie?" ask the mother. "Well, with the Divorced Barbie"says the assistant "You get the House, the Car, the Children..."
442 Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon?I hear the food is great, but the atmosphere is lousy.
443  Anewly married man asks his wife,“Would you have married me if my father hadn't left me a fortune?""Darling," the woman replies sweetly, "I'd have married you nomatter who left a you a fortune."
444 Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, whichproduced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate verylittle, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered frombad breath.This made him what? A super callused fragile mystic plagued with halitosis.
445 Two shepherds lean on their crooks at the end of a longday and the first asks the second, "So, how's it going?"The second one sighed and shook his head, "Not good, Ican't pay my bills, my health isn't good, my kids don'trespect me, and my wife is leaving me."The first replied, “Well, don't lose any sheep over it."
446 James wanted to start anew hobby, and he decides he's going to learn a new flyingsport. So he invites his friends to come and watch.He takes them to the top ofa cliff, and produces three bird cages - one containing abudgerigar, the second containing a chicken, and the third a parrot.“What *are* you up to?" asked one of his friends."Well," said James, "I couldn't decide between budgie-jumping, hen-gliding or parrot-shooting... so ] thought I'd try all three."
447 Hesaid ‘I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legsand put it in a library.’And | thought 'That's a turn-up for the books.’
448 Apiece of string walks into a pub and asks for a pint.The barkeep says "Get out. We don't serve pieces of string here."The piece of string goes around the corner, ties a knot in his middle and unravels his ends. Itgoes back into the bar and again asks for a pint.The barkeep says "Are you the same piece of string that was in here a minute ago?"The piece of string says "I'm a frayed knot."
449 World's best oxymoron:Windows Operating System
450 Little Johnny watched, fascinated, as his mother gently rubbed cold cream on her face.“Why are you rubbing cold cream on you face, mommy?" he asked. "To make myselfbeautiful," said his mother. A few minutes later, she began removing the cream with a tissue.“What's the matter?" asked Little Johnny. "Giving up?"
451 Aman ina hurry taking his 8-year-old son to school, madea turn at ared light where it was prohibited."Uh-oh, I think I just made an illegal turn!" the man said."It's okay, Dad" the boy said. "The police car right behindus did the same thing."
452 Did you hear about the new Barbie Doll they are making? It's called "Divorced Barbie".She comes with all of Ken's things.
453 Three men walk into a bar. The fourth one ducks. 454 i went to the doctors the other day and [whilst raising my hand in the air] i say “doctorit hurts when i do this"the doctor replies "Well dont do it then"
455 Some tourists in the Chicago Museum of Natural History were marveling at thedinosaur bones. One of them asked the guard, "Can you tell me how old the dinosaur bonesare?"The guard replied, "They are 3 million, four years, and six months old.""That's an awfully exact number," says the tourist. "How do you know their age so precisely?"The guard answered, "Well, the dinosaur bones were three million years old when I startedworking here, and that was four and a half years ago."
456 two nuns walked into a building.......... you would have thought thay would have seenit!
457 Big Diet-well here's your plain popcorn, no salt, no butter.-Sounds good, it'll go great with my plain salt, no popcorn, no butter and my plain butter, nosalt, no popcorn.
458 One day little Johnny was in his back yard digging a hole. His neighbor, seeing himthere, decided to investigate.“Whatcha doin?" he asked."My goldfish died and I'm burying him," Johnny replied.“That's an awful big hole for a goldfish, ain't it?" asked the neighbor.“That's because he's inside your cat!"
459 Did you hear what happened to the hyena who swallowed an Oxo cube?He became a laughing stock...
460 Went to the doctor and he told me i would have to take a pill every day for the rest ofmy life.He only gave me 4????
461 "Give mea sentence about a public servant," said a teacher.The small boy wrote: "The fireman came down the ladder pregnant."The teacher took the lad aside to correct him. "Don't you know what pregnant means?" sheasked."Sure," said the young student confidently. "Means carrying a child."
462 My wife and! were happy for 20 years.Then we met...
463 Aneuroticis aman who builds a castle in the air. A psychotic is one who lives in it. Apsychiatrist is the one who collects the rent! 464 Did you hear about the Invisible Man that married the Invisible Woman? Yeah, theirkids aren't much to look at either.
465 So these vultures decide to fly to Florida on an ariline. They got on board carrying sixdead raccoons and the flight attendant says, "I'm sorry, but there's a limit of two carrion perpassenger."
466 Question: How do you keep an idiot in suspense?Answer: I will tell you later.
467 "Are youa lawyer?""Yes."“How much do you charge?""A hundred dollars for four questions.""Isn't that awfully expensive?""Yes. What is your fourth question?"
468 what's brown and sticky?A stick.
469 — eskimo husband and wife in an igloo.they hear "thump thump thump thump"on theroof. the wife turns to the husband and says" whats that noise?.He looks out the window andsays" dont worry luv it's only rain dear" (reindeer!)
470 Why is one side of a"V" of geese always longer?Because there are more geese on that side.
471 Why does Windows make computers crash?Because there's insufficent memory to RAM the door down!(I didn't expect you to laugh, this joke was...a joke!)
472  Q: Did you hear about the magic tractor?A: It was going down the road and turned into a field.
473 Why don't canibals like clowns? Because they taste funny!!!
474 Why do canibals like missionaries? Because they give them a taste of christianity!!!
475 What do you call a musician who's girlfriend has dumped him?Homeless.
476 Aguy walks into a bar with a piece of tarmac and said to the bartender, "Give me one,and one more for the road." 477 A boy was walking down the street when he was stopped by a man holding a sofa.Theman said to the boy "Here you go you can have this sofa for nothing I don't need it anymore"the boy thanked him and took the sofa home to his dad.When he arrived home his dad wentmad, the boy said to him "Dad I thought you would be pleased" his dad replied "No son what
478 QQ: Did you hear about the magic tractor?A: It was going down the road and turned into a field.
479 Aman walked into a bar and the barman said to him "Hello do you want a drink?" "Yesplease" replied the man.The barman then gave him a drink and waited for his money but theman didn't pay the barman argued with him and said "Thats £3.00 please" but the manreplied "No you asked me if I wanted drink not if] wanted to buy one" a lawyer sitting in thecorner agreed so the barman let him off and banned him from the pub.The next day the manwent back to the pub and the barman said "Oi are'nt you the man I barred yesterday?" "No"replied the man, "oh" said the barman "You must have a double" "Yes please said the man I'll
480 man #1: My dog has no noseman #2: then how does it smell?man #1: bad
481 whatis red and stands in the corner?a naughty strawberry
482  agroup of 99 ostritches is standing around with their heads buried in the sand, anostritch runs up to join the group, looks around and says,"Hey! Wheredid everyone go?"
483 Whats a wombat for?For playing Wom.
484 There are two parrots sitting on a perch.One says to the other, "Can you smell fish?" eee i
485  Aduck walks into a bar, and asks the bartender: "Got any grapes?"The bartender replies: "This is a bar, not a market, we don't have grapes";The duck walks out of the bar, only to return the next day; once again, the duck asks thebartender: "Got any grapes"?The bartender says;" look, I told you yesterday that we don't sell grapes here!"The duck leaves, but returns the next day, with the same question: "Got any grapes?”".The bartender angrily replies: "look, I have already told you twice that we don't have anygrapes here. Now get out of the bar before | nail your little webbed feet to the floor!".The duck walks out, but comes back the next day. He asks: "Got any nails?"The bartender replies: "No, this isn't a hardware store!".Duck says: "Got any grapes?" 486 Whats the difference between a bison and a buffalo?You can't wash in a buffalo
487 There was three tomatoes walking down astreet. The daddy tomato and the mammytomato were way ahead of the baby tomato. The daddy tomato got so annoyed at the babytomato for being so slow that he turned around real quickly and smacked his hands togetherand roared "KETCHUP" !!!
488  Apolar bear goes into a pub and says to the barman: "I'd like a... ee packet of saltand vinegar crisps please." The barman replies, "Sure, but why the big pause?"
489 Athree legged dog walk bursts into a wild west saloon and says "I'm looking for theman who shot my paw"
490 Agrasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says "hey! we've got a drink namedafter you!". The grasshopper says "you have a drink named Murray?!"
491 aman buys two monkeys. those monkeys multiply and soon he's got 10 monkeys. thecity gets wind of it and threatens heavy fines if he doesn't get rid of the monkeys. So the mancalls his cousin pedro and offers him $50.00 to take the monkeys to the zoo. a couple of hourspass, pedro calls and asks for fifty MORE dollars! the man says "listen, i just gave you $50.00to take them to the zoo". Pedro says "yes, but now they want to go to the movies!".
492 Aguy is driving down the motorway, knitting. Obviously this is dangerous driving asthe driver has no hands on the wheel, so before long the police are catching up with him.One police car drives up alongside the offending vehicle, and motions for him to open hiswindow.“pull over!", the policeman shouts across."No - pair of socks!"
493 What do you call a mushroom who buys you lots of drinks?A fungi to be with!
494 Whoisa penguin's favourite relative.His Aunt Artica!
495  Q.Why was there a fish in the piano?A.Because it was a piano tuna
496 Q.What do you get if you cross a bird a car and a dog?A.A flying carpet
497 QQ. Whatis white and walks through the desert?A. A herd of yoghurt
498 QQ. What's the difference between a tennis ball and the Prince of Wales? A. One is thrown to the air and the other is heir to the throne.
499 Aguy tries to enter a nightclub but is stopped at the door by the bouncer who tells himthat he can't get in without wearing a necktie. The guy goes back to his car, looks around butcan't find a tie. He sees a set of jumperleads in the back so he puts them around his neck andties a rough knot. He walks back to the nightclub. When the bouncer sees him he looks himover and says "OK you can go in - but don't start anything"
500 _~why did the fly do an old-fashioned dance on the jam jar?because it said "twist to open
501 ~what do you get if you cross a snowman with a vampire?FROSTBITE!!!
502 Q. Where did Napoleon keep his armies?A. In his sleevies
503 Howdo you killa circus?Go for the juggler.
504 Asquare and a circle walk into a bar. The square says to the circle, "Your round!"
505 A linguistics professor was lecturing to his class."In English," he said, "a double negative forms a positive. In some languages, though, such asRussian, a double negative is still a negative. However, there is no language wherein a doublepositive can form a negative."A voice from the back of the room piped up, "Yeah, right."
506 ~=There's a sausage and an egg in a frying pan. The sausage turns to the egg and says:"Gosh egg, it's really hot in here, isn't it?" The egg turns to the sausage and says: "Oh my god!A talking sausage!!"
507 Aguy phones the local hospital and yells "You've gotta send help! My wife's in labour!"The nurse says, "Calm down. Is this her first child?" He replies, "No! This is her husband!"
508 What did the policeman say to his belly?You're under a vest!
509 Why did the chicken cross the playground?To get to the other slide!!!
510 Why do deep sea divers jump out of the boat backwards when they want to go into thewater?Because if they jumped forward, they would fall into the boat.
511 QQ: What do you tell a mathematician on a Saturday night ? A: Don't drink and derive.
512 A PROFESSOR WAS GIVING ONE OF HIS LECTURES. IN THE MIDDLE OF HIS LECTUREASTUDENT WROTE 'FOOL' ON A SLIP OF PAPER. HE THREW IT AT THE PROFESSOR. THEPROFESSOR STOPPED HIS LECTURE AND TAKING THE SLIP IN HIS HAND HE SAID ‘WHICHOF THE GENTLEMAN HERE HAS SENT ME HIS VISITING CARD?'
513 A mother-in-law sent two ties to her son-in-law. Some weeks later, she was invited forlunch, and so he wore one of them in the hope of pleasing her. The meal was a tense anduncomfortable one, with the Mother-in-law maintaining a stony silence. Finally she spoke.“Alright, what's wrong with the other tie."
514 What did the orange say to the banana on the street corner?ai"
515 Wy was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate 9.
516 =A family of tortoises went into a cafe for some ice cream. They sat down and wereabout to start when father tortoise said , "I think its going to rain, Junior, will you pop homeand fetch my umberella?"So off went Junior for father's umberella,but three days later he stillhadn't returned. "| think , dear," said mother tortoise to father tortoise,"that we had bettereat Juniors ice cream before it melts." And a voice from the door said,"If you do that I won'tgo.
517 what did batman say to robin before they got in the car? Robin, get in the car
518 Q.: How do you catch a rhino wearing a wool-hat?A.: You kick it's back. Then let the rhino chase you around a lake until the rhino is hot andtakes off the hat. Now you can catch it like a normal rhino.
519 There was a knock on the door in the early hours. The man went downstairs, openedthe door, and a voice said"Will you give us a push, mate?". The man was very angry, sayingthat this was a ridiculous hour to be knocking people up, shut the door, and went backupstairs. When his wife asked who it was, he told her some nutter wanting a push. Shesaid"You shouldn't have refused him; don't you remember when we broke down and wereglad of a push?", so he went downstairs again, opened the door, and said"OK,mate, where areyou?" And a voice said "Over here on the swings".
520 Why isa tree better than a guard dog? It has more bark!
521 Two ducks were sitting in a pond, one of the ducks said "Quack" The other duck said "Iwas going to say that!"
522 What's black and white and black and white and black and white?A: A Penguin rolling down a hill. What's black and white and laughing?A: The Penguin that pushed him.
523 What did the small rug say to the large rug? Cover me I'm cold.
524 — old lady knocks down a cat as she drives along the main streeta police man comes along as she drives off.he calls" hey you can't leave that lying there.she calls back thats not a lion it's a cat.
525 Howdo telephones get married? They just give each other a ring.
526  Anengineer, a physicist, and a mathematician are on a train in Scotland. The engineerlooks out the window and sees a black sheep. He comments, "Look, they have black sheep inScotland". Then physicist looks and comments, "From this observation, we can only say thereis at least one black sheep in Scotland." The mathematician then looks and comments,“Actually, from this we can only say there is at least one sheep in Scotland that's black on oneside."
527  Aproton, neutron, and electron walk into a bar. The proton orders a drink, and askshow much it costs. The bartender says, "five dollars." Next, the electron orders a drink andasks how much it costs. Again the bartender says, "five dollars." Finally the neutron orders adrink and asks how much it costs. The bartender says, "for you, there is no charge."
528 What do chiropodists eat for breakfast?Cornflakes! :)
529 What happenend to the car mechanic that fell asleep dreaming about cars?He woke up exhausted
530 Why do birds sing and humming birds hum? Humming birds don't know the words.
531 A businessman is hurrying home on the motorway after a hard days work when he isstopped by a policeman. 'Do you know you were driving 30 mph over the limit?' asks thepoliceman. 'Eh, actuallly no, officer, it's a big car and it just sort of coasts along. . .you know.. .'‘And what were you planning on doing if you met Mr Fog?' demands the policeman. 'Well,'says the businessman, thinking it best to play along, 'I suppose I'd ease off on Mr accelerator,and switch on Mr headlights and Mr windscreen wipers’. The policeman leans in the windowand eyeballs the businessman. '] asked you what you were planning on doing if you met MISTOR FOG!"And threw the book at him.
532 "You're a high-priced lawyer! If I give you $500, will you answer two questions forme?""Absolutely! What's the second question?" 533 teacher) "Jonny why are you late for class"Jonny) "well I was on my way to shool and I was almost here but thjen I crossed a signsaying SLOW so | had to go really slow and that's what took me so long.
534 What's green and sings? Elvis Parsley
535  Q: Why do people say you never judge someone until you've walked a mile in theirshoes? A: Because then when you do you'll be a mile away and have their shoes.
536  Whatdo you get if you cross a mammal with a reptile? A Nobel prize
537 Q: What happens if you don't pay your exorsist.A: you get repossesed
538  Whathas four wheels and flies?A garbage truck.
539 Me: Ask me if I'm an orange!You: Are you an orange?Me: No!
540 What's the difference between a trampoline and a bagpipe?Eventually you get tired of jumping on a trampoline.
541 Amechanic, an engineer and a computer scientist are travelling together in a car, whenthe motor suddenly fails. The mechanic and engineer each try various techniques to restartthe car... "Pump the accelerator a couple of times", says the mechanic. "No," replies theengineer, "turn the ignition key without touching the pedal..." The car refuses to start.After the failure of several more attempts, the computer scientist confidently announced hissolution. "Let's all get out of the car, then get back in."
542 Apatient walks into the doctors office and says doctor I have pain anywhere I touchmy body with my finger! The doctor says thats unusuall. So he tell her to touch her arm withher finger and she screams in pain. He tells her to touch her foot with her finger she yells inaggony. He tells her to touch her leg with her finger and she screams. The doctor then goes tothe patient and says just as as I though your finger is broken!
543 What's red and invisible?No tomatoes.
544 "Thats a funny reptile you have whats its name?"“Tiny”“Why do you call it Tiny""Because he is My Newt"
545 Police were called to a Pizza Hut in Leeds at the weekend afterthe body of a worker was found covered in mushrooms, onions, ham and cheese. A police spokesman said that the cause of deathhad not been established, but there was a strong possibility that theman had topped himself
546  Q:Why does an elephant paint its nails red? A: so it won't be noticed between thestrawberries.Does it work? Well...ever seen an elephant between the strawberries?
547 Whatis worse than finding a maggot in your apple?- Finding half a maggot in your apple.
548 Aman is driving down the road when he gets pulled over by a copper. The copperdraws a circle on the floor and asks the man to stand in it. While the man stands in the circle,the copper gets out a hammer and smashes the cars headlights. The copper turns around andsees the man laughing! So the copper goes and smahes each of the cars windows. The copperturns around again and sees the man laughing even harder! The frustrated copper thenshouts to the man, "What the hell you finding so funny??" The man replies, "Everytime youturned around, i've been jumping in and out of this circle!!
549  Q: What lies on the bottom of the ocean and quivers?A: Anervous wreck.
550 ~=— A little babymouse is walking hand in hand together with her mother.Suddenly a bat comes flying in the air.The little mouse point's at the bat saying: Look Mammi, an angel.
551 ~+Whatdo you call a princess who worries all the time? A warrior princess.
552 Did you hear about the Buddhist monk who refused to have his mouth frozen when hewent to the dentist?He wanted to transcend dental medication.
553 Aman had a dog called minton. One day minton ate two shuttle cocks. When the ownerfound out he said bad minton!!!!
554 Aguy takes atrip for a short holiday. His wife is on a business trip that is ending thenext day and she plans to fly down and meet him. When he arrives at his hotel he sends her aquick message. Unable to find the piece of paper on which he wrote her company e-mailaddress, he does his best from memory.Unfortunately, he doesn't get it exactly right and the message is routed instead to someonewhose husband recently passed away.When the grieving widow opens her e-mail, she takes one look at her monitor, screams andfaints.The message on the computer screen read:My darling wife ... just checked in, everything is prepared for your arrival tomorrow. Lookingforward to us being together again. Your loving husband.PS It sure is hot down here.
555 ~—«‘ | cut the bottom off one of my trouser legs the other day and sent them to the library.Well theres a turn-up for the books.
556 ~~ Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson went on a camping trip. After a good meal and abottle of wine they lay down for the night, and went to sleep.Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. “Watson, look up at the skyand tell me what you see."Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars."“And what does that tell you?"Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxiesand potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo.Horologically, | deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, Ican see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, Isuspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?"Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. "Watson, you pillock! Someone has stolen ourtent!"
557  Aguy walks up to the receptionist in the Physchiatrist's office and says "I'm theInvisible man and I'd like to talk to the Doctor". She pokes her head into the Physchiatrist'soffice and says there is aman here who wants to talk to you and he claims he's the Invisibleman. The Physchiatrist replies "Tell him I can't see him right now".
558 What's black, white, blue, and purple all over?A zebra with a bruise!
559  Anunemployed jester is nobody's fool.
560 Was that wig expensive? How much did you have toupee for it?
561 Aneutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When he asks the bartender how muchhe owes him, the bartender says, "For you, it's no charge."
562 Whatdo you call a Swiss Financier on the Paris Undergound?A metronome.
563 Why did the chicken cross the road?To show the possum that it COULD be done.
564 Two men are hired to do ajob in a building. After the owner explains everything, heleaves. When he returns a while later, he sees one man working diligently and the other manhanging on the ceiling, singing "I'm a chandelier, I'm a chandelier." The owner orders him tocome down and get back to work. A while later the owner returns to find the one workingdiligently and the other back on the ceiling, singing "I'm a chandelier, I'm a chandelier" again. “That's it" the owner replies, "you are fired." Then the owner notices that the man who hadbeen working all the time was packing up all his things also. "You're not fired, just him" theowner says. The man replies, "Are you kidding? | can't work without any light!"
565  Agroup of dentists decided to set up a new surgery. Since competition in their areawas quite fierce, they wanted their new business to have something unique about it.After much thought, they decided to set up shop on board a boat, moored on the banks of theriver. As an added bonus, they also offered river crossings in the boat, with the dentistry workbeing performed during the crossing.The business quickly became known as the Tooth Ferry.
566 Agroup of astronaughts are on the moon. They've been mining the surface, and havediscovered that it really is made of cheese.One particular area of cheese that they're quite interested in is a large vein of brie, andthey've already been there twice, and collected samples to be returned to mission control.All of a sudden, the radio crackles into life: "Mission control to cheese-base-one - we need youto get a third load of that brie!"But the astronaughts are unhappy with the idea. They try to come up with all sorts of excuseswhy they shouldn't dig any more..."It'll spoil the environment if we take too much. We don't want to leave this place lookingbad..."After all - have you ever seen such a site in your life as brie mined thrice?"
567 Once a village bum went on an airplane for the first time. After some turbulence thevillage bum asked the man sitting next to him to open the window so he can throw up. Theman told him the window cannot be opened so the village bum started beating up the man.Soon a flight attendant came and asked him the reason for his behaviour. After listening to hiscomplaint the flight attendant told him about the barf bag. After a while the flight attendantcame and saw all the passengers barfing. Since the village bum was the only one not throwingup the flight attendant asked him what had happened. To this the village bum replied that ashe was throwing up everyone stared at him so being embarassed he drank it back.
568  Q. What do you call a woman who can balance 4 pints of beer on her head?A. Beatrix
569 Why are seagulls called seagulls?Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
570 What did the snail say while riding on the turtles back?WHEEEE!!!
571 early one morning a gentleman was doing his push up exercises in central park when adrunk came along and tapped him on the shoulder and said "say mister i think yourgirlfriends gone home"
572  IJhadadream thati was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted. 573 Why can't an Engineer tell a joke timing.
574 Why din't the tedy bear finish its dinner? it was stuffed.
575 An American, an Australian and a Japanese man become stranded on a tropical island.The American decides to take charge and says."T'll be in charge of engineering" he then looks at the Australian and says "You can be incharge of building" and finally looks at the Japanese man and says "You're in charge of thesupplies". They all wander off into the jungle and all except the Japanese man return a fewhours later. Months go by and the Australian and American have made do without theJapanese man and have built a rigid bamboo hut. Finally, on the horizon a Navy helicopterappears and lands of the beach, the Australian and American joyfully run up to it. Suddenly,the Japanese man jumps out from behind a palm tree and screams "SUPPLIES!!"
576 What makes God laugh?Ans: People making plans...
577 Dave: Me and the missus went to the Caribbean this year for our summer holidays.John: Jamaica?Dave: No, she went of her own accord!
578  Q: Why do elephants drink?A: To try and forget
579  Ablack man walks into a store with a parot on his shoulder. the clerk ask where he gothim from. the parot said, "Africa, there is a whole bunch of them down there."
580 Whatdo you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?A stick.
581 What do you calla fly with out wings? A walk
582 Howdo nuns boil water?They boil the hell out of it.
583 Amale ostrich was chasing two female ostriches. The one female said to the other,"He's starting to gain on us, we better hide!" So, they stopped and stuck their heads in thesand. The male ostrich said, "...Hey, where'd they go?"
584 A3 legged dog walks into a bar and says "Who shot my paw?"
585 Astring walks into a bar, and the bartender says "We don't serve strings here". So thestring goes into another bar, and the bartender says "We don't serve strings here". So thestring goes into ANOTHER bar, and the bartender says "We don't serve strings here".The string gets all mad, so he pulls and ruffles himself all up. The string then goes into another bar and the bartender says "We don't serve... hey? Arn'tyou a string?" and the string replies "Im a frayed knot".
586 When NASA first started sending up astronauts, they quickly discovered that ballpointpens would not work in zero gravity. To combat the problem, NASA scientists spent a decadeand $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity, upside down, underwater, onalmost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300C.The Russians used a pencil.
587 Descartes walks in to a bar. The bartender ask if he'd like a beer. Descartes replies, "!think not." Then he disapears.
588 A fish walks into a bar and the bartender says what will it be. The fish replies water!
589 Adepressed horse walks into a bar. The barman asks him, "Why the long face?"
590 Aman goes to a psychiatrist and says, "Doc, you gotta help me. I've been having thestrangest dreams. Last night I dreamed I was a teepee, and the night before I dreamed I was awigwam. What do you think it means?" The doctor pondered a moment and replied, "Well, itsounds like you're two tents."
591 two peanuts walk down the street and one was a salted.
592  Q. what did the male volcano say to the female volcano?A. do you lava me like i lava you!
593 Anew teacher was trying to make use of her psychology courses.She started her class by saying, "Everyone who thinks they'restupid, stand up!" After a few seconds, Little Johnny stood up.The teacher said, "Do you think you're stupid, Little Johnny?Little Johnny replied, "No, ma'am, but I hate to see youstanding there all by yourself."
594  Q: why did the football coach go to the bank ? A: to get his quarterback!
595‘ Did you hear about the ship that ran aground carrying a cargo of red paint and blackpaint? The whole crew was marooned.
596 Howmany surrealists does it take to change a light blub?To get to the other side.
597 Why didn't the Clam share his candy? Because he was Shellfish
598  Whatis the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence? I don't know andI don't care one way or the other. 599 A Philosopher and scientist were being chased by a lion. The Scientist looked back andmade a swift calculation. Puffing, he said to the philosopher - 'we can't out run it you know'The Philosopher was slightly ahead, he replied 'I am not trying to outrun the lion, I am tryingto out run you!
600 Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a Martini. Bartender asks "Olive orTwist?"
601 Why can't dalmations play hide and seek? Because they are always spotted.
602 An inebriate enters a restaurant and asks the cashier, "Did you see me come in thedoor, there?”"Yes I did, sir."“Have you ever seen me before?""No, I haven't.""Then, how did you know it was me?"
603  Whatdo you call a one legged ballarenia's costume? A One-One
604 Adoctor says to his patient,"Without these treatments, you've got 3 months to live,"and hands him a bill.The patient says, "My God! Look at all these. I can't come up with this kind of money in 3months!"The doctor says, "Alright! You've got 6 months to live."
605 Howdo you make a cat go woof?Pour petrol on it.
606 Aswede(vegetable) walks in to a library and the librarian looks up and says "There's aturnip for the books"
607  IfSondra Locke married Elliot Ness, divorced him and married Herman Munster, she'dbe Sondra Locke Ness Munster.
608 Aguy goes to the doctor and complains he can't stop singing the "Green, Green GrassOf Home".The doctor says it's the Tom Jones SyndromeThe guys asks if it's common.The doctor replies: "It's not unusual"
609 "Doctor, I used to think I was a dog, but I reckon I'm cured now-wow-wow!""I see. How long did you have this complaint?""Ever since I was a puppy.""Interesting. Well, just lie on the couch there.""But I'm not allowed on the couch..." 610 Q: Whatis big, grey and sings the Blues?A: Elephant Gerald.
611 What's yellow and stupid? Thick custard!!!!!
612 Knock KnockWho's there ?BooBoo whoDont cry
613 If] eat three cakes in the morning and three for tea... what will I have/Answer: A tummyache
614 Apirate walks into a pub. Another patron, having never met a pirate before, wants toknow the stories behind the battle scars. He buys the pirate a pint, and strikes up aconversation.“How'd you get the peg leg?""Shark took off me leg in the South Seas."“How about that hook?"“Lost the hand in a sword fight."“And the eye patch?""Seagull pooped in me eye.""Are seagull droppings really that dangerous?""No, but it were me first day with the hook."
615 Aman goes into a pub and sees his best friend playing chess with a dog.He says "That's a very clever dog you've got there!" to which his friend replied, "He's not thatclever, he doesn't often win!"
616 Amagician is very happy because he has got a job on the Titanic.So he gets on the ship,and that night he does his act in front hundreds of people but doesn't get very far for hisparrot keeps giving away the answers"It's under the table.It's up his sleelve.It's behind hisback." The magician goes off the stage very depressed, and this happened again and again andagain until one night, unfortunaly, the ship hit an ice-berg and sank!Luckily, the magician andhis parrot escaped in a lifeboat.They sailed on and on for days without seeing anyone, andthrough all of this time, the parrot had a look of total confusionon his face and didn't utter asingle word.The magician thought that the parrot must be sick of hunger, until one day whenthe parrot said."O.K. I give up.Where have you hidden the stupid ship???!!!!"
617 Aman is driving to work and is called on his mobile. It's his boss saying he's beenpromoted. The man is so happy his car wobbles in the road. A little while later there isanother phone call and he's been promoted again. He is so happy he swerves into the middleof the road and back into his lane. Later there is another phone call. For the 3rd time he ispromoted. He is so overwhelmed with joy that he swerves off the road and bangs into a tree. A passing car stops and a man gets out and says "Are you alright, what happened?" and theother man replies "I ‘careered' off the road."
618 why did the mermaid blush because the seaweed!
619 Why did the muddy chicken cross the road twice?Answer: He was a Dirty Double-Crosser!
620 Why did the dog cross the road twice?Answer: He was trying to fetch a boomerang!
621 Why does a moon rock taste better than an earth rock? A moon rock's a little meteor.
622 There's this guy with a wooden eye. He's very sensitive about it, so he doesn't get outmuch. One day, he sees an ad for a dance, and he decides to go. He gets there, and he sees anattractive young lady with a gigantic nose. He thinks to himself "Well, she has that huge nose.Maybe she'll be more accepting of my wooden eye." He walks over to her and says "Wouldyou like to dance?" She replies "Oh! Wouldn't I!" He shouts "Big nose! Big nose!"
623 Guy is sitting in a bar. A beautiful woman walks in. She's a knock-out and he can't takehis eyes off her. She notices him and smiles. She sashays over and sits beside him. She looksinto his eyes and tells him, "For $200 I'll do anything you want." He's astounded. "Anything?!",he asks her. "Yes, anything !", she replies. He takes out his wallet and slaps $200 on the bar."Here's $200. Paint my house!"
624 Amancame home from golfing one Saturday a little later than he usually did. His wifeasked him why."Bob had a heart attack and died right there on the 9th hole!" he explained."Oh, my goodness, how horrible!" she exclaimed. "No wonder you're late!""Yeah," he said. "For the whole rest of the course, it was ‘hit the ball, drag Bob, hit the ball ...""
625 someone was walking in street & carrying a rabbit, another one met him & ask: Howmuch does this donkey cost? the man reply: it is not a donkey it is a rabbit, the another said: Ididn't ask you I'm asking the rabbit :))
626 Whats the differance between a shark and a lemon?They both swim, except for the lemon.
627 What's blue and square? a banana in disguise
628 Amother put her child to sleep and then went to the kitchen. She then saw her son andhe asked, "Can | have a glass of water?" The mother gave him a glass and he back upstairs.Minutes later the boy returned asking for a glass again. The mother wondered what couldmake her child so thirsty and when he came back down asking for another glass of water, the mother said, "That's your third glass tonight! What's wrong with you? Why are you sothirsty?""Oh!" said the little boy. The water's not for me. The roof's on fire."
629 Whatis the leading cause of dry skin?Towels
630 Aman walks up to the main desk a library and says in a loud commanding voice to thelibrarian, I'll take two hamburgers, no mayonnaise, and an order of fries. The librarian looksup at him, shocked. Summoning up all the testy authority she can, she says to him, Sir, this is alibrary!The man pauses for only a split second and then leans over close to her, cups his hand overhis mouth so as to direct his voice only to her ear, and whispers, I'll take two hamburgers, nomayonnaise, and an order of fries.
631 what goes haha bonk? a man laughing his head off!
632 "Doctor!" said the patient. "I keep seeing spots before my eyes." Thephysician scratched his head, “Why have you come to me? Have you seen an opthalmologist?""No," replied the patient, "just spots."
633 Two televisions walk into a bar and the barman says "sorry, we don't serve your kindin here", and one television turns to the other and says "we're not getting a great reception inhere"
634 Why did the projector blush?Because it saw the film strip.
635 Two penguins are sitting in a bathtub. The first one asks the second one to pass himthe soap. The second one says, "What do you think I am, a typewriter?"
636 Why are chickens considered good employees? Because they work around the cluck.
637 Inadark night, under a street lantern, someone seeks after a lost key. Another helpsseeking, and after half an hour on their knees, the other asks: "Are you really sure that youlost your key right at this place?". The one answers: "No, I lost it further down the road, buthere the lightning is better!".
638 Ayoung lad came home after his first day at school was asked by his mother how didhe enjoy his first day at school. He told her that the other kids were teasing him. They keptlaughing and calling him big head. His mother told him to ignore them. She also told him thatthere was nothing wrong with his head. She then asked him to go the store and get tenpounds of potatoes. He asked her what could use to carry them in. She replied ---- use yourhat.
639 Why aren't elephants allowed on the beach? They can't keep their trunks up. 640 Howdo you keep an idiot in suspense?I'll tell you later...
641 Anelephant and a mouse were talking together.The elephant said to the mouse, "Why am I so big and strong and heavy and you are so tiny,weak and puny and grey?"The mouse said, "Well, I've been ill haven't I!"
642 Customer: Waiter, there's a fly in my soup.Waiter: There can't be. We used them all in the raisin bread...
643 To Tell the weather,Go to your back door and look for the dog.If the dog is at the door and he is wet, it's probablyraining. But if the dog is standing there really soakingwet, it is probably raining really hard.If the dog's fur looks like it's been rubbed the wrong way,it's probably windy.If the dog has snow on his back, it's probably snowing.Of course, to be able to tell the weather like this, youhave to leave the dog outside all the time, especially ifyou expect bad weather.Sincerely, The CAT
644 Agroup of managers were given the assignment to measure the height of a flagpole. Sothey went to the flagpole with a ladder and measuring tape.They keep falling off the ladder,dropping the tape and the whole thing is in a mess. An engineer comes along and sees whatthey are trying to do. He walks over, pulls the flagpole out of the ground, lay it flat, measuresit from end to end, gives the measurement to one of the managers and walks away. After theengineer left, one manager turns to another and laughs. "Isn't that just like an engineer? Weare looking for the height and he gives us the length!"
645 Ahusband stepped on one of those penny scales that tell you your fortune and weightand dropped in a coin."Listen to this," he said to his wife, showing her a small, white card. "It says I'm energetic,bright, resourceful and a great person.""Yeah," his wife nodded, "and it has your weight wrong, too."
646 Aman walks into a pub and sees Vincent Van Gogh sitting in the corner."Fancy a pint Vincent?" he asks"No thanks," Van Gogh replies, "I've got one ‘ere."
647 Man walks into a bar and immediately notices two pieces of meat nailed to the ceiling."What's with the meat?", he asks the barman. "Oh, that's just a little competition.", the barman explained. "If you can jump up and catch apiece of meat between your teeth, then you get a free drink."."If you fail, however, you buy the whole bar a drink.".“Would you like to have a go?", the barman asked."I don't think so", replied the man, "the steaks are too high."
648 Aman goes to the doctors and says 'I have a problem doc, I can't say my 'f's, my ‘t's ormy ‘h's. The doctor says ‘well you can't say fairer than that’.
649 Q. What have an orange and a parrott got in commom?A. Neither of them can drive a tractor.
650 Two oranges are walking down the road. The one orange says to the other,"So, where do you live then?" and the other replies,"I'm not telling you, you'll nick my washing off the line!"
651 son to mother "there's a man at the door with a bill"mother to son "don't be silly it must be a duck with a hat on"
652 Why are elephants big, grey and wrinkled? Because if they were small, white andsmooth they would be aspirin.
653 Did you hear about the man that was walking down the street and turned into a hotel?
654 A frog telephones a psychic hotline and is told: "You are going to meet a beautifulyoung girl who will want to know everything about you." "Great!" says the frog. “Will I meether at a party?" "No," replies the psychic. "Next year, in a biology class."
655 Q: How many pragmatists does it take to change a lightbulb?A: One.
656 Aman goes into a pet shop to buy a parrot. The shop owner points to three identicallooking parrots on a perch and says:“The parrot to the left costs 500 dollars".“Why does the parrot cost so much?" the customer asks.The owner says, "Well, it knows how to use a computer."The customer asks about the next parrot and is told "That one costs 1,000 dollars because itcan do everything the other parrot can do plus it knows how to use the UNIX operatingsystem."Naturally, the increasingly startled man asks about the third parrot and is told "That one costs
2,000 dollars."Needless to say this begs the question "What can IT do?"To which the owner replies "To be honest I have never seen it do a thing but the other twocall him boss!" 657 Howdo you keep an elephant from charging?Take away his credit card!
658 What did the necktie say to the hat?You go on a head and I'll just hang around.
659 Two statisticians when duck hunting. Not being very good, they did not see a duck allday. Just as they agreed to leave, a duck flew out in front of them. Both aimed and fired. Oneshot went two metres to the left of the duck, the other two metres to the right, and the duckescaped. However, they went home very happy, because on average the bird was dead!
660 Aman anda friend are playing golf one day at their local golf course. One of the guys isabout to chip onto the green when he sees a long funeral procession on the road next to thecourse. He stops in mid-swing, takes off his golf cap, closes his eys, and bows down in prayer.His friend says, "Wow, that is the most thoughtful and touching thing I have ever seen. Youtruly are a kind man." The man then replies, "Yeah, well we were married 35 years."
661 Whatdo you call a mystic midget who has just escaped from prison? A small mediumat large.
662 Two cows ina field.One turns to the other and says "Are you worried about this Mad Cow Disease?"The other cow says "Non, je suis Napoleon"
663 ~—‘If at first you don't succeed, Skydiving isn't the sport for you.
664 One dark foggy night, I was walking alone on a narrow country road when out of thefog appeared a small car moving very slowly - and with no sound! I jumped to the side of theroad but as it drew level, it stopped! Through the windows | could see no-one - no driver,nothing. I looked closer and then opened the passenger door(I was on that side)and bracedmyself to climb in. Immediately the car started to move again, just as slowly! I froze, kneelingon the seat clutching its back.Moments later the car stopped and I almost fell out.As Iscrambled to my feet, the ghostly, shambling figure of a man drifted towards me out of the fogand I screamed out "Oh, god, there's something wrong about this car!"The shadowy figure stopped.It gasped, and then a voice croaked "I know, I've been pushingit for half a mile!" .
665 Two farmers are standing by a fence. One of them asks the other:- Do your cows smoke?- No...- No? Then I suppose your barn is on fire.
666 aman walks into a butchers shop:man: a pound of kidleys please.butcher: what?man: I said a pound of kidleys! butcher: don’t you mean a pound of kidneys?man: that’s what I said,diddle I?
667 Howdo you get a philosopher off your porch?Pay for the pizza.
668 Whatdo u calla gingerbread man with only one leg?? Limp Biscuit
669 Q. What do Cats like to eat for breakfast?.A. Mice-Krispies
670 Howmany punk rockers does it take to change a light bulb? Two, one to change thebulb and one to kick the chair out from underneath him.
671 Q. What do you give dead bread?A. A toast-mortem
672 Two television aeriels met on top of a roof and fell in love, and soon decided to getmatried. The service was terrible - but the reception was brilliant!
673 Where does a policeman live?
999 letsbe avenue.
674 knock knockwho's there?AlisonAlison who?Alison Wonderland
675 Whatdo you call a nun with a washing machine on her head?Sister Matic
676 Two elderly gentlemen were talking. One says, "Boy, this new hearing aid I got worksgreat! I can hear everything now." The other one says, "That's wonderful! What kind is it?""It's a quarter past two."
677 Q. Why is television called a medium?A. Itis neither rare nor well-done.
678  Alarge hole appeared in the High Street this morning. The police are looking into it.
679 Acouple are out touring a house that they want to buy with a realtor when they askthe realtor, "The house is very nice, but is this a quiet neighborhood?"The realtor answers, “Sure, there have been six murders, seven robberies, and no one heard athing." 680 ‘Time flies like the wind. Fruit flies like a banana.
681  Ifmiss universe is not fixed then why are all the winners from earth
682 Bacon and eggs walks into a bar, and the bartender says "Sorry, we don't servebreakfast".
683 What did one snake say to another?"Mum, are we supposed to be poisonous?""No son, why?""Because I just bit my lip!"
691 A business owner has just moved places and was reopening soon. A friend of hiswanted to cocratulate him so he went to the local florist and asked if he could have someflowers delivered to the man. He then asked the florist worker to write something clever to gowith the flowers. A few days later the florist receives phone call. It was the boss. "I am surethere was a muck up in your delivery service, my flowers came but it said: Rest In Peace on it"“Well I'm sorry" was the reply "But you think of these mourners at a funeral at the momentwith flowers with a card saying: Congratulations on your new place"
692 what should you do if you get snow in your mouth?Just grit your teeth!
693 Ahusband and wife were having a fine dining experience at their exclusive countryclub when this stunning young woman comes over to their table, gives the husband a big kiss,says she'll see him later and walks away.His wife glares at him and says, "Who was that?!""Oh," replies the husband, "she's my mistress."“Well that's the last straw," says the wife. "I've had enough, | want a divorce. I] am going tohire the most aggressive, meanest divorce lawyer I can find and make your life miserable.""I can understand that," replies her husband, "but remember, if we get a divorce it will meanno more wintering in Key West, or the Caribbean, no more summers in Tuscany, no moreCadillac STS in the garage, and no more country club, and we'll have to sell the 26-room houseand move to two smaller homes, but the decision is yours."Just then, a mutual friend enters the restaurant with a gorgeous young woman on his arm.“Who's that with Jim?" asks the wife.“That's his mistress," says her husband.The wife replies, "Ours is prettier."
694 I collect badgers. One day I'll have the full set.
695 What time did the Chinaman go to the dentistTooth hurty 696 Amonstery falls on hard times so 2 monks decide to open a FISH & CHIP bar.On thefirst day of opening a woman comes in and sees one of the monks peeling spuds, so she saysto him, "You must be the chipmonk", he replies,"No, I'm the friar"!
697 Jesus decided to help St. Peter at the Pearly Gates.A very old man approached and Jesus asked him,"How have you lived your life?"The old man replied,"I was a carpenter."Jesus looked closely at the old man."Is it, is it....you, father?"The old man peered back at him."Is it you, Pinocchio?"
698 Couple goes to a psychiatrist. Woman says, "Doc, my husband thinks he's a dog. Canyou help him?" Shrink says, "Sure, have him lie down on the couch." Woman says, "Oh no.He's not allowed on the couch."
699 Aman walks into a bar with a piece of tar mac under his arm. He says to the bar man "a pint for me and one for the road".
700 Aman was walking in the country and saw a pig with a wooden leg sitting outside abarn. As he was pondering this, the pig's owner came along. The man asked the farmer howthe pig got his wooden leg.The farmer said, "Let me tell you, that is some pig! Our house caught fire last May, and hedragged my kids to safety!""Is that how he lost his leg?" the man asked."No," replied the farmer. "But a month ago, I almost drowned and that pig swam through icywater to pull me to shore!""So that's how he lost his leg," the man asked."Oh, no. And just a week ago, my wife's car slid off the road onto the train tracks. That pigbroke through the window and helped her out just as a freight train came through!""So THAT'S how he lost his leg!" the man said."No, sir."“Then HOW did he lose it?" the man begged.“Well sir," the farmer replied, "when you got a pig that terrific, you don't want to eat it all atonce."
701 Aduck walks in to a postoffice and asks the postman: "Do you have any corn?" Thepostman answers politely: "No, we don't have any corn here." The next day the duck entersthe store again and asks: "Do you have any corn?" A bit annoyed the postman answers: "No!We don't have any corn." This goes on for a couple of days. Finally one day when the duckasks:" Do you have any corn?", the postman gets so upset he yells: "NO! For the last time, wedon't have any corn, and if you ask again, I'll nail your beak to the counter!!" The next day theduck returns to the store and asks: "Do you have any nails?" The postman answers:" No."Then the duck asks:" Do you have any corn?"
702 Ateacher was taking her class for a walk in the woods. "Now Mary,"she said.“What do you call the outside of a tree?!"I don’t miss,"said Mary."Bark, you silly girl,"said the teacher."Bark!""Oh all right then,"said Mary.“Woof-Wooft"
703. Mum:Come on,John,eat your breakfast;you'll be late for school.John:I don‘t want to go to school.The teachers don't like me,the children don't like me-eventhe caretaker doesn't like me!Mum;All the same, you must go.John:Why should I go?Mum:Well,for one thing you're forty five years old,and for another your the headmaster.
704 There are two teddy bears in the airing cuboard. which one is in the army?Answer:The one on the tank.
705 Howdo you confuse an idiot?Purple!!
706 Q. Why is Toblerone triangular? A. So it will fit in the box.
707  Q: What do John the Baptist and Winnie the Pooh have in common?A: The same middle name!
708 Did you hear about the Hamster found dead in his cage?.... Apparently he fell asleep atthe wheel!
709 One afternoon a little boy was playing outdoors. He used his mother's broom as ahorse and had a wonderful time until it was getting dark. He left the broom on the back porch.His mother was cleaning up the kitchen when she realized that her broom was missing. Sheasked the little boy about the broom and he told her where it was. She then asked him toplease go get it. The little boy informed his mom that he was afraid of the dark and didn'twant to go out to get the broom. His mother smiled and said ‘The Lord is out there too, don'tbe afraid’. The little boy opened the back door a little and said ‘Lord if you're out there, handme the broom’.
710 Joan, the town gossip and supervisor of the town's morals, recently accused George, alocal man, of being an alcoholic because she saw his pickup truck parked outside the town'sonly bar.George stared at her for a moment, and said nothing.Later that evening, he parked his pickup truck in front of her house and left it there all night. 711 There was a lawyer and he was just waking up from anesthesia after surgery, and hiswife was sitting by his side.His eyes fluttered open and he said, "You're beautiful!" and then he fell asleep again. His wifehad never heard him say that so she stayed by his side.A couple minutes later his eyes fluttered open and he said "You're cute!" Well, the wife wasdisappointed because instead of "beautiful" it was "cute."She said, “What happened to ‘beautiful'?"His reply was "The drugs are wearing off!"
712 Give amana fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish and he will sitinaboat and drink beer all day!
713 = "This day holds a lot of meaning for me. It was on this day two years ago that I lost mydear wife and children. I'll never forget that game of cards...."- Anon.
714 ~~ ‘After a trial had been going on for three days, Finley, the man accused of committingthe crimes, stood up and approached the judge's bench.“Your Honor, I would like to change my plea from ‘innocent to ‘guilty' of the charges."The judge angrily banged his fist on the desk. "If you're guilty, why didn't you say so in thefirst place and save this court a lot of time and inconvenience?" he demanded.Finley looked up wide-eyed and stated, "Well, when the trial started I thought I was innocent,but that was before I heard all the evidence against me."
715 Our supermarket had a sale on boneless chicken breasts, and a woman I knowintended to stock up. At the store, however, she was disappointed to find only a few skimpyprepackaged portions of the poultry, so she complained to the butcher."Don't worry, lady," he said. "I'll pack some more trays and have them ready for you by thetime you finish shopping."Several aisles later, my friend heard the butcher's voice boom over the public-addresssystem: "Will the lady who wanted bigger breasts please meet me at the back of the store."
716 Sean got home in the early hours of the morning after a night at the local pub. Hemade such a racket hitting into the furniture as he weaved his way through the house, that hewoke up the missus.“What on earth are you doing down there?" she yelled down from the bedroom. "Get yourselfup here to bed and don't waken the neighbours.""I'm trying to get a barrel of Guinnes up the stairs" he shouted."Leave it ‘till the morning” she shouted down"T can't" he said "I've drank it!"
717  Agroup of kindergarten children were on a class outing to their local police stationwhere they saw pictures, tacked to a bulletin board, of the 10 most wanted men.One of the youngsters pointed to a picture and asked if it really was the photo of a wantedperson."Yes," answered the policeman. "Well," wondered the child, "why didn't you keep him when you took his picture?"
718 While making his rounds, a doctor points out an X-ray to a group of interns. "As youcan see the patient is limping because his left fibula and tibia are radically arched. Michael,what would you do in acase like this?" "Well," said the intern, "I suppose I'd limp too."
720 Aman commits suicide. In one of his pockets, the police find an envelope. Inside theenvelope is a note that reads: "What are you looking in here for?"
721  Aworried Mrs. Melchnik sprang to the telephone when it rang and listened with reliefto the kindly voice in her ear.“How are you, darling?" it said. "What kind of a day are you having?""Oh, mother," said the housewife, breaking into bitter tears, "I've had such a bad day. Thebaby won't eat and the washing machine broke down. | haven't had a chance to go shopping,and besides, I've just sprained my ankle and I have to hobble around. On top of that, thehouse is a mess and I'm supposed to have two couples to dinner tonight."The mother was shocked and was at once all sympathy. "Oh, darling," she said, "sit down,relax, and close your eyes. I'll be over in half an hour. I'll do your shopping, clean up thehouse, and cook your dinner for you. I'll feed the baby and I'll call a repairman I know who'llbe at your house to fix the washing machine promptly. Now stop crying. I'll do everything. Infact, I'll even call George at the office and tell him he ought to come home and help out foronce.""George?" said the housewife. "Who's George?"“Why, George! Your husband! ....Is this 555-1374?"No, this is 555-1375.""Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number."There was a short pause and the housewife said, "Does this mean you're not coming over?"
722 did you hear bout the three eggs.. two bad
729 What you call asnowman with a sun tan?A puddle!
730 ~=Ifatheletes get athelete's foot, what do astronauts get?Missile toe!!
731 Ted: I had the worst dream last night. I dreamed J ate a 2-ton marshmellow.Steve: What's wrong with that?Ted: When I woke up my pillow was gone
732  Thescene is a butcher's shopCustomer: "I'd like a pound of kidleys, please"Butcher: "Surely you mean kidneys, madam"Customer: "I said kidleys, didle I!"
733 I was offered ajob in a monastery laundry. My Mother would nopt let me take it as she did not want me to pick up any dirty habits.
734 Why do seagulls live by the sea?If they lived by the bay they woul be called bagels!
735  Q:How many many balls of wool would it take to reach the moon.A: One, but it would need to be very large.
736 Amanrushes into the doctors and says "Doctor doctor you've got to hep me I think I'ma pair of curtains". The doctor replies "Oh pull yourself together".
737 What do you call a big white bear with a hole in his middle?A polo bear.
738 Why was the back end of a horse walking down the road?Because the front end was.
739 Whatdo you call a chicken in a shellsuit?An egg!
740 Howisa lawyer different than and angry chicken?The angry chicken "clucks defiance"!
741 ME: doctor doctor, I've only got 50 seconds to live!DOCTOR: Just a Minute
742 Aman walks into a butcher's shop and asks the butcher "Have you got a sheep'shead?". "No", replies the butcher, "it's just the way I part my hair".
743 why did the blind chicken cross the road?To get to the birds eye shop!
744 There were two boys called manners and shut up. Shut up went to the sweet shop andmanners went to the fish and chip shop. The shop keeper said to shut up. What's your nameand shut up said shut up. The shop keeper said that's not nice where's your manners. In thefish and chip shop said shut up.
745 Docter docter I swallowed a camera?Lets hope nothing serious develops
746 Whatis square and blue?An orange. | lied about it's shape and colour !
747 Acouple comes up to a wishing well. The guy leans over, makes a wish, and throws in apenny.His wife decides to make a wish, too, but she leans over too far, falls into the well, and drowns. The guy says, "Wow, it really works."
748 This guy runs home and bursts in yelling,“Pack your bags sweetheart, I've just won the lottery, all six numbers!"She says, "Oh wonderful! Should I pack for the beach or the mountains?"He replies, "I don't care...just pack & shove offt"
749 Ariel and Times New Roman walk into a bar. The Barman takes one look and says,"Sorry fella's, we don't serve your type in here"
750 ~=Tell aman that there are 400 billion stars, and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench haswet paint, and he has to touch it.
751  Whatdo you call a man with seagulls flying around his face?Cliff
752 What do you get when you play a country song backwards?You get your dog back, your wife back, your house back, and you sober up
753 Whatdo you call a women who can juggle with beer?A. Beertrix
754 Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper? Sold his soul to Santa.
755 Across and hungry panda went into a bar and, without ordering a drink, demanded abowl of free bar-snacks. The bartender refused:"Those snacks are for paying patrons." So the panda grabbed the nearest bowl, gobbled upall the snacks. Then he pulled out a revolver, shot the bartender dead, and stalked out.The patrons all asked each other "Who was that masked maurader?" The quiet little guy atthe end of the bar calmly answered:“That was a panda. He eats shoots and leaves."
756  Whatis the difference between a duck?One of its legs is both the same!
757 Aman went to a pet shop and said "I'd like to buy some wasps please." The shopkeeper said, "I'm sorry, we don't sell wasps." "Well I saw three of them in the window!"replied the man.
758  Abloke handed his mate an octopus that looked to be at death's door, and said“There's the six quid I owe you".
759 Early morning in december 1968 a journalist calls Lyndon B. Johnson and asks whathe most wishes for Christmas. Johnson is desperately trying to make his drowsy brain work.Bedazzled he tries to think of something adequate but not too exaggerated. Next morning The Sunday Times says: Brezhnev wishes to end famine for Christmas, de Gaulle hopes all wars toend and Johnson likes to have after shave and a new pair of slippers.
760 One day,a HR woman was hit by a bus and killed. Her soul arrived in heaven and shewas met by St.Peter.“Welcome to Heaven. Before you get settled in, it seems we have a problem. We've never oncehad HR manager make it this far. What we're going to do is let you have a day in Hell andaday in Heaven, then you can choose your eternity" said St.Peter.St.Peter put her in an elevator, it went down-down-down. The doors opened, she steppedonto a beautiful golf course. In front of her were all her fellow HR professionals. They were alldressed in evening gowns. They ran up and kissed her. They played golf and she enjoyedsteak and lobster dinner. She met the Devil who was a really nice guy, she had great timetelling jokes and dancing. When it was time to leave, everyone shook her hand and wavedgood-bye.So she spent the next 24 hours lounging around on the clouds, playing the harp and singing.“Now you must choose your eternity" he said. She paused and then replied, "Well, Heaven hasbeen great but I think I had a better time in Hell."So she went down-down-down. When the doors opened, she was standing in a desolatewasteland covered in garbage. Her friends were dressed in rags and were picking up garbagefor the evening meal. The Devil came up to her and put his arm around her and laughed."Il don't understand," she stammered. "Yesterday I had great time here, there was a golfcourse and we ate lobster. Now all there is a wasteland and all my friends look miserable."The Devil looked at her and grinned, "that's because yesterday we were recruiting you, buttoday you're staff."
761 What's the last thing to go through a bug's mind after it hits the windshield of a car?It's rear end!
762 what happens when monsters have a beauty contest?no-one wins!!!
763 Asmall man jumped on a table in a bar and yelled:- Show me an irishman, and I'll show you a coward!A huge, bodybuilder looking guy stood up, walked to the little man and said:- Here's an irishman.The little guy darted out of the door and yelled over his shoulder:- And here goes the coward!
764 what did the traffic light say to the car.don't look now I'm changing.
765  Aguy walks into a doctor's office with a strawberry growing out of his head.The doctor says"Don't worry - I've got cream for that".
766 Aguy walked into a psychiatrist's office wearing only cling-film underpants. The psychiatrist said“Well, I can see you're nuts".
767 Howis the new furniture store doing?Sofa so good!
768 Is it okay to kiss a nun?Yes but dont get into the Habit!
769 Why should you take care of your grandparents in an Indian restaurant?In case your Nan slips into a Korma!
770 What's orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot
771 Little Johnny is working away furiously in the woodwork room when the teacherenters. "what are you making there, Johnny?" he asks, "a portable" replies Johnny. Theteacher looks puzzled, "a portable what?". Johnny replies "I don't know yet Sir, I've only madethe handles!"
772 Teacher: Dude, what do you call a cock that has a bad eye?Pupil: A cock-eyed bird.
773 knock knockWho's there?The ever interrupting cow.The ever int...MOOoO.
774 whats the fastest milk in the world ? pasturised (past-ur-eyes(d))
775 why did Jim bring his car into school? Because he wanted to drive his teacher up thewall!!!
776 two knights went into a hotel and said to the woman at reception ‘i would like aroomfor two nights!!!"
777 Ahusband and wife are traveling by car from Key West to Boston. After almosttwenty-four hours on the road, they're too tired to continue, and they decide to stop for a rest.They stop at a nice hotel and take a room, but they only plan to sleep for four hours and thenget back on the road.When they check out four hours later, the desk clerk hands them a bill for $350.The man explodes and demands to know why the charge is so high. He tells the clerk thatalthough it's a nice hotel, the rooms certainly aren't worth $350. When the clerk tells him that$350 is the standard rate, the man insists on speaking to the manager. The manager listens to the man and then explains that the hotel has an Olympic-sized pooland a huge conference center that were available for the husband and wife to use. He alsoexplains that they could have taken in one of the shows for which the hotel is famous. "Thebest entertainers from New York, Hollywood and Las Vegas perform here," explains themanager.No matter what facility the manager mentions, the man replies, "But we didn't use it!"The manager is unmoved and eventually the man gives up and agrees to pay. He writes acheck and gives it to the manager.The manager is surprised when he looks at the check. "But sir," he says, "this check is onlymade out for $100.""That's right," says the man. "I charged you $250 for sleeping with my wife.""But I didn't!" exclaims the manager."Well," the man replies, " she was here, and you could have."
778  Ascientist and a philosopher were being chased by a hungry lion. The scientist madesome quick calculations, he said "its no good trying to outrun it, its catching up". Thephilosopher kept a little ahead and replied " I am not trying to outrun the lion, I am trying tooutrun you"!
779 Near dawn in acolony of Vampire bats, all are still hungry but one hangs there withblood on its face. They all pester and nag "well it's alright for some! why don't you share thisgreat feeding place with the rest of us?!" only to get told "Really, you dob't wadt to snow"which does nothing to calm them down so finally they are led off along the hedge and over thepastures to a big tree in the middle of a field, where usually there are cattle to feed from.Flying round and round the tree they are again getting angry as there are no cattle to be seen,but the bloody-nosed bat just says "You all thee dis tree dob't you, well I dibn't!".
780 Aman walks into a pub where everybody else is having coffee with cream."Il would like a coffee. No cream on it.""Sorry, we ran out of cream. Could it be with no milk?"
781 Whatdo you call a person who used to like tractors a lot?An ex-tractor fan !!
782 A woman gives birth and it is just a head with no body or limbs. the father decides tolove it and give it the life that it deserves. he takes it to the park and loves it as if it was anormal child. on his 18th birthday the father decides to take him down to the pub to give himhis first ever drink. ‘give me a shot of absythe' the father asks the landlord. the drink ispoured and the son drinks it down. suddenly a body pops out of the head. the father isamazed. ‘give him another!' the father exclaims. the son drinks and arms pop out. 'Another!'cries the man. then the son has all his limbs. he is stumbling around the bar, after all he hasnever used them before. he stumbles outside and is promptly run over by a bus. the barmanturns to the father and says ' he should have quit while he was ahead!"
783 Two farmers are standing at a fence talking.Farmer 1: Do your cows smoke cigarettes??? Farmer 2: No, of course not!!Farmer 1: Then your barn is on fire.
784 why did the skeleton cross the road? to get to the body shop.
785 Aman on holiday in India soon finds out about a monastery, high in the hills,the only way to get to it is to take a half hour ride in a basket, being hoistedup the cliff face. The man decides this would be an adventurous thing to do, sohe goes and asks the monk at the bottom of the cliff weather he can get a liftup, the monk agrees and they begin the journey. About halfway through, the mannotices that the rope that basket is hoisted up on is very frayed, fearful,he asks the monk "how often does this rope get replaced?" The monk thinks onthis for a few seconds and replies "Whenever it breaks."
786 What do you get when you cross a penguin with a centipede? - Cold feet.
787 PATIENT: Doctor, doctor. I've come up in spots like cherries on a cake.DOCTOR: Ah, you must have analogy.
788 Why did the dog go to bingo?So it could Winalot!
789 What's the black stuff between elephant's toes? SLOW ANTS.
790 A frog goes into a bank walks up to the teller whose name is Pat Wack. He says "GoodMorning Miss Wack, my name is Kermit Jagger and I want to take out a loan for $10,000." Shelooks at him curiously "Do you have any collateral?" He holds up a pink china elephant "Thisis my collateral". "Just a moment please" she says "I'll have to see the Manager". She goes intothe Manager's office and says "There's a frog outside whose name is Kermit Jagger - he wantsa loan of $10,000 and all he can raise as collateral is a pink china elephant. Surprised, he looksat her and replies "Nicknack Patty Wack give the frog a loan - his old man's a Rolling Stone".
791 There was a young fellow who lost an eye in a farm accident. Coming from a poorfamily, the best his parents could manage was a home-made wooden eye to fill the void.Being self conscious he felt it unlikely he would ever find a girlfriend. Finally, after muchencouragement, he decided to attend a dance. After looking over the girls in attendance, henoticed a girl who had a very large nose sitting alone. Figuring she if anyone would beunderstanding about his wooden eye, he decided to ask her to dance. Crossing the floor hesaid "Would you like to dance?" The happy girl leaped to her feet and squealed "Would I?Would I?". He shouted back at her "Big nose!! Big nose!!".
792  Aguy walks into a bar carrying a giraffe. He sets the giraffe down by the door andwalks up to the bartender. "Bartender, give me a whisky," he says. The bartend looks at himand says, "You know, you can't just leave that lyin’ over there."The guy looks at him and says gruffly, "It's not a lion, it's a giraffe." 793 A Hunting TripTroy's all excited about his new rifle. So he goes bear hunting in Alaska. The first bear hesees is a little brown bear, and he kills it with his first shot. There is a tap on his shoulder, andhe turns around to see a big black bear.The black bear says "You've got two choices. One, I maul you to death or Two, we have sex."Troy bends over for the bear. He's sore for 2 days, but he recovers andVows revenge.Troy heads out on another trip to Alaska and he finds the black bear andkills him. At that moment there is a tap on his shoulder. A hugegrizzly is standing right behind him.The grizzly says, “That was a big mistake. You've got 2 choices,"Either I maul you to death or we have sex."Troy bends over. He survives, but he's really hurting and takes quite abit of time to recover, and, he's outraged.Sure enough, he heads back to Alaska and finds the grizzly and shootshim at point blank range. There's a tap on his shoulder. He turnsaround to find an enormous polar bear.The polar bear says, "Hey, pal, you're not really coming up here for thehunting, are you?"
794 Why was Cinderella such a bad football player?Her coach was a pumpkin.
795 What do call a doll with sausages on her head?Barbie.
796 Man comes home from work to find boy next door digging big hole in lawn.Asks boywhy. "Well I'm burying my goldfish Mr." Man says "I'm sorry about your fish but why do youneed such a big hole?" Boy replies "Well it's inside your cat!"
797 A farmer goes out one winter morning to find that all his cows are frozen solid wherethey stand. While he is wondering what to to, he sees a figure approaching slowly across thefields. It is a little old lady; she looks at the cows, then works her way around the field,rubbing the nose of every cow in turn.Slowly, each cow starts to warm up and come back to life. The old lady rubs the nose of thelast cow and resumes her path across the fields.The farmer stands amazed as his cows start to move around again. At this moment hisbrother comes out to see what is going on - the farmer explains what has happened andpoints out the little old lady as she disappears into the distance."Ah, well", says the brother, "you know who that is, don't you? Thora Hird!".
798 Aman went into a pet shop and said "I'd like to buy a fly please".The shop keeper said "I'm sorry sir we don't do flies".“Well there was one in the window yesterday!"
799  Youcan take a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead. 800 Why did the chicken cross the road?To get to the other side.Why did the rooster cross the road?He was glued to the chicken.Why was the rooser glued to the chicken?They ran out of tape.
801 what do you call a dog with no legsAnser. a hotdog
802 Q:what do you get if you mix a cow with a camel ???A:Lumpy milkshakes
803 What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?You can roast beef but you can't pea soup!
804 Aman and wife were eating in a very exclusive restaurant when a georgeous womancame up to the table, pur her arm around the man and gave hima kiss , and said 'T'll see youlater."The wife said 'Who is that?‘ to which he replied 'That's my mistress.The wife then said ‘I want a divorce, because that is just too much.’He replied that it was up to her, but pointed out that there would no longer be a Lexus in thegarage, shopping in Paris or skiing in Gstaad.Just then one of their friends came in to the restaurant with a georgous woman on his arm.The wife asked 'Who's that with Bob? and her husband replied ‘Oh, thats his mistress.'The wife looked again and said ‘Ours is prettier!"
805 An Insurance Assesor is at a wedding reception, and asks the bride; "So this is yourfourth husband?", "yes, that's right", she replied. "Can I ask what happened to your firsthusband?". "Oh, very sad, he died quite suddenly". "Oh, AM sorry, what happened?". "Heunfortunately ate some poisoned mushrooms and passed away. The insurance paid out, ofcourse, but it can never really compensate". "That's terrible, what happened to the secondhusband?". "Another tragic case, he too, ate some poisoned mushrooms and passed away. Themoney didn't compensate for his loss". By now, the Assessor was very suspicious, and asked;"Did your third husband die from ingesting poisoned mushrooms?". "Oh no", she stated, "Hedied from a fractured skull!". "My word, I AM VERY sorry... How did he get that?". "Well, hewouldn't eat the mushrooms!!!!"
806 = Asnail is on the bar one Christmas, and asks the barman "Excuse me, can I have a pintof beer please?". The barman says "You WHAT?". "May I have a pint of beer, please?" repeatsthe snail. "Don't be so stupid, snails don't drink beer" snarls the bar man and sweeps the snailoff the bar on to the floor.The following Christmas, in the same bar, a snail appears on the counter. The barman asks“What do you want?", whereupon the snail shouts "What did you do THAT for?" !!!(Not as good as my poisoned mushroom joke!) 807 Arabbit went into a butchers shop and said, "Got any carrots?" The butcher said, "No!"The rabbit went back to the butchers the next day and said, "Got any carrots?" The butchersaid, "No!"The rabbit went back the next day and said, "Got any carrots?" The butcher said, "No! And ifyou come back tomorrow and ask if I have any carrots I'll nail your ears to the ceiling!"The rabbit went back to the butchers the next day and asked, "Got any nails?" The butchersaid, "No!" The rabbit said, "In that case, have you got any carrots?"
808 What do you call an Earl who is awarded an OBE?An earlobe.
809 What was the film about referees called?A) The umpire strikes back.
810 Q. Whatdo you call 100 penguins in TrafalgarSquare?A. Lost
811 Whatdo you call a fish with no eyes?Fsh!
812 Q: What's red & white on the outside, grey & white on the inside?A: Campbell's Cream of Elephant Soup.
813 Aman walks up to the bar with an ostrich behind him, and as he sits, the bartendercomes over, and asks for his order. The man says, "I'll have a beer," and turns to the ostrich.“What about you?" "I'll have a beer too," says the ostrich. The bartender pours the beer andsays "That will be $3.40 please," and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out exactchange for payment.The next day, the man and ostrich come again, and the man says "I'll have a beer," and theostrich says, "I'll have the same."Once again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change. This becomes aroutine until, late one evening, the two enter again. "The usual?" asks the bartender. "Well, it'sclose to last call, so I'll have a large scotch" says the man. "Same for me," says the ostrich."That will be $7.20," says the bartender. Once again the man pulls exact change out of hispocket and places it on the bar. The bartender can't hold back his curiosity any longer."Excuse me sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change out of yourpocket every time?""Well," says the man, "several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. WhenI rubbed it a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had topay for anything, I just put my hand in my pocket, and the right amount of money will alwaysbe there." "That's brilliant!" says the bartender. "Most people would wish for a million dollarsor something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!" "That's right!Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there," says the man.The bartender asks, "One other thing, sir, what's with the ostrich?" The man replies "Mysecond wish was for a chick with long legs." 814 A woman went to a seance and was successful in contacting her husband.Hi," he said," it's me. Everything's better... sky is bluer... grass is greenerNothing to do but eat and sleep all day." "Oh, thank goodness. You did get to Heaven."“Heaven?. I'm a buffalo in Montana!"
815 From the deepest, darkest jungles of deepest, darkest Africa comes the cry of theSandwich bird - "Eat me, Eat me”.
816 What's gray on the inside and clear on the outside? An elephant in a baggie!
817 What's green and likes snow?Ski-weed
818 my dog minton ate all my shuttlecocks.....badminton
819 Aman walks into a greengrocers and says "Can I have a hammer please?". Theassistant says "Sorry this is a greengrocers." The man replies "That's O.K. I've got my bikeoutside."
820 Apriest conducts a service in a church "The person who puts the most in the churchcollection box can choose three hymns" he says.The collection box comes back to him afterbeing filled up and he finds that someone has donated a thousand pounds "who has donated athousand pounds?" he asks.A women raises her hand . The priest invites her to the front andtells her to choose three hymns.Pointing at the three most handsom men in the church shesays "I'll have him,him and him"
821 What's yellow and always pints north? A magnetic banana!
822 Q-Howdo you hide an elephant?A-Paint its toenails red and stick it in a cherry tree.Q-Have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree?A-See, it works!
823 Two kids were talking in the playground.The first kid says, "My mum is from Irelandand my dad is from America. That makes me an Irish-American".The second kid says,"Well my mum is from Iceland and my dad is from Cuba.So Iguess that makes me an Icecube".
824 What did the robot say to the petrol pump?Take your finger out of your ear when I'm talking to you!
825 Farmer Fred has an American farmer visiting him. The American farmer is boastingabout the size of his land in the United States:“My land is so big, that it takes me two hours to drive around it by car."Farmer Fred is silent for a while. Then he nodds and says: "I know what you mean, once I had such a car, too."
826 what do you call a fish with three eyes ?fiiish.
827 what did the green man turn red? so would you if you had to change in the street
828 _ Bill happened by his neighbor's house one day. He saw his friend, farmer John in theapple orchard holding his favorite, prize pig. John would patiently hold Snooks up so shecould munch an apple right off the twig, then move on to the next apple and the next. "Hello,John," says Bill, "not to interfere with your pastime but whyn't ya pick Snooks a bucket ofthem apples...it would save time!""Eh'yeah, Bill, it would...but then...what's time to a pig!"
829 "He said ‘I'm going to chop off the bottom of one of your trouser legs and putitinalibrary.’ I thought ‘That's a turn-up for the books."
830 Aman left for a vacation to Jamaica. His wife was on a business trip and was planningto meet him there the next day. When he reached his hotel, he decided to send his wife a quicke-mail.Unable to find the scrap of paper on which he had written her e-mail address, he did his bestto type it in from memory. Unfortunately, he missed one letter, and his note was directedinstead to an elderly preacher's wife whose husband had passed away only the day before.When the grieving widow checked her e-mail, she took one look at the monitor, let outapiercing scream, and fell to the floor dead.At the sound, her family rushed into the room and saw this note on the screen:Dearest Wife,Just got checked in. Everything prepared for your arrival tomorrow.Your Loving Husband.P.S. Sure is hot down here.
831 Agreyhound is sitting in pub, drinking its beer when the door opens and a horsecomes in. It sits down beside another horse and starts to talk of its troubles. "Same as before,Des" says the horse "I get to within a hundred feet of the winning post and I fall over". Theother horse commiserates, "That happening to all of us flat racers, Red. It must some sort ofdisease" The dog interrupts "I can't believe it!, that's exactly what happened to me atWhitecity yesterday".The horses look at each in surprise; "Will you look at that. A talking dog!"
832 Aman sees an ad for a joke contest in his local newspaper so he sends in ten puns. Hegets a letter back from the newspaper thinking he win, but no pun in ten did.
833 Why is 6am like a pigs tail?Because it's twirly! 834 Ahorse walks into a bar and the bar man says, "Hey we have a whiskey named afteryou"! The Horse says, "What.....Fred"!!
835  Q:how do you tell if an ant is a male ant or a female ant.A: drop it in water, if it floats it's boy-ant!
836 Q. Why can't arope?A. Because it can knot
837 What do you call a judge with no thumbs?Justice Fingers
838 Howelephants can you get in a mini? Two in the front and two in the back! How doyou know if there's been an elephant in the fridge? There's footprints in the butter! How doyou know if there's been two elephants in the fridge? There's two footprints in the butter!How do you know there's been three elephants in the fridge? There's three footprints in thebutter! How do you knowif there's been four elephants in the fridge? There's a mini parkedoutside!!
839 | joined an origarmi club, but it folded.
840 Whatis ET short for?So that he fits in his spaceship.
841 What do you get when you sit under a cow? A pat on the head.
842 what do you get hanging from apple trees?vn sore arms!
843  Whatis acrocodile's favourite card game? snap
844 why can't you play poker in the jungle? because there is too many cheeters
845  Avvisitor to asmall country town noticed an old man playing chess.On closer inspection he saw that a dog was sitting opposite the old man and the dog wasmoving the chess pieces.The visitor asked the old man if the dog was playing chess and he replied "yes".“That must be one exremely intelligent dog" said the visitor."Not really" said the old man, "I win more games than he does!".
846 ‘Ifa pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled?
847 When the wheel was invented, did it cause a revolution? 848 Aman walks into a barbers shop.He says"! want to buy a comb"."Steel one "says thebarber".No I want to pay for it
849 Howmany mystery crime novel writers does it take to change a lightbulb?One, but he has to give it a really good twist.
850 Tonto and the Lone Ranger are riding through the desert when they spy a small townon the horizon. Its a cold desert night and the Lone Ranger fancies a whiskey or two to warmhim up so they stop into a saloon. The barman is happy to serve the Lone Ranger but refusesto serve Tonto."Sorry Tonto, but I really want this drink" says the Lone Ranger, “would you mind waitingoutside for a little while?""But it cold outside" says Tonto.“Well, run up and down to keep yourself warm" says the Lone Ranger.So the Lone Ranger has his whiskey and Tonto goes outside and runs up and down to keephimself warm. A few minutes later another cowboy walks into the bar, struts up to the LoneRanger and demands: "Are you the Lone Ranger?"."Yes" the Lone Ranger replies.“Well you left your injun running".
851 Aman was going to bed one night when there was a knock at the door, he answeredand there stood a giant ANT that punched him in his eye. Now he made up and excuse whenhis friends asked him, because he thought he couldn't say he had been punched by an ant, sohe said he had had a punch up in the pub. Anyway the next night the same happened again,but this time he got beaten up really bad, so he went to the hospital and told the doctoreverything that had happened and the doctor said "AHHHH yes there is a nasty bug goinground."
852 Aman walks into the doctors and says:"T think I'm Schizophrenic"The doctor replies“That makes 4 of us!"
853  Apparantly 1 in 4 people in the world are Chinese.There are 5 people in my family - this means that it is either my Mother, my Father, myYounger Brother Colin or ny Older Brother Ho Cha Chin.But I think it is Colin!
854 Aman goes into the doctors he says ' doctor doctor | feel like a dog' the doctor says ‘siton the couch I'll be with you in a minute’ the man says ‘I'm not allowed’.
855 Aman went into a pet shop and said: "I would like a pet parrot for my daughter." andthen the owner of the pet shop said: "sorry, this is a pet shop, we don't do swaps!"
856 Why do ducks have webbed feet?To stamp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet?To stamp out burning ducks.
857 Howdo you get two whales in a car?Drive down the M4!
858 Man: Doctor, Doctor I feel like a goat!!Doctor: How long have you been feeling like this?Man: Ever since I was a kid!!
859 A tomato, a faucet, and a lettuce decided to have arace. Who won?At the finish, the lettuce was a head, the tomato couldn't ketchup, and the faucet was stillrunning.
860 Annoble aristocrat was captured during the French Revolution. The captors said,"Tell us the names of the people you are hiding!". "I won't say a word!" says the aristocrat.They place his head in the guillotine. "Talk to us or die!". "I will not!" he replies. They thendraw the blade to the top of the guillotine. "Last chance to talk!". "Never!" cries the Count.Then, just as they release the blade, the Count screams, "Wait, wait, I'll talk!". But, alas, it wastoo late.The moral of the story: Never hatchet your Counts before they chicken!
861 Q:How much did the pirate pay to get his ear pierced?A: A buccaneer
862 Why didn't the watermellon marry the honeydew?Because they cantalope!
863 Why did they only make one Yogi Bear? They made a Boo Boo of the second.
864  Whatis the difference between a tire and a bench?- None, they're both made of wood. Except the tire.
865 As migration approached, two elderly vultures doubted they could make the tripsouth, so they decided to go by airplane. When they checked their baggage, the attendantnoticed that they were carrying two dead racoons. "Do you wish to check the raccoonsthrough as luggage?" she asked. "No, thanks," replied the vultures. "They're carrion."
866 My sister is reacting very slowly. Last week trhis guy wanted to take advantage of herand before she could say she wasn't such kind of a girl. she was.
867 Why is being atest tube baby so great?You get a womb with a view.
868 Whatis old, dusty and tucked away behind the bookshelf?A: The 1974 hid'n seek champion! 869 John and Tracy were in a very posh restaurant. John asked for the menu. he broughtthe menu to them but stated "I am not a waiter, my name is Hans and I wash the dishes forYosfayce (pronounced yo's face), the Russian chef". A few minutes later, Hans came back andsaid "I can't find Yosfayce or the waiter, but I will take your order" They had decided to haveSquid. Hans went to get the tank. John chose the Squid, and Hans removed it from the tankand rushed it to the kitchen. Hans returned "I cannot kill that squid, as it has lots of little hairsaround its mouth,] can't kill that". John insisted that he was going to have the Squid."OK" saidHans "I will find Yosfayce and get him to do it. He will kill anything!"5 minutes later, Yosfaycecomes over to the table and says "I can't kill the Squid, It has lots of hairs around itsmouth".John asked "WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?" The Waiter appeared, and said "This meansHans that do dishes can be soft as yosfayce, with mild green hairy lipped squid"
870 Two ladies was walking in the woods when they saw a raccoon on top of a tree stump.The first lady asked, “What do you think? Do you think it's rabid? The second lady answered,"No, raccoon."
871 Q:Whatare hippies? A: They're what leggies hang from.
872 Golfer on Par 3 tee, large pond between tee and green. He puts an old ball on the tee.Hears a voice:"Use a new ball!" The old ball is replaced with a new one,then he takes apractice swing. "Use the old ball!!"
873 Why couldn't the Prince Potato marry the BBC correspondent?Because she was a common-tatev......
874 Howmany boring people does it take to change a lightbulb? One.
875 Bobrecently bought a new car and is driving back home on the M1 highway. Suddenlythe music on the radio is interrupted and a special boradcast is heard "This is breaking news,there one car going the wrong way on the highway M1, drivers please be aware!" Bob looksaround and says "One? There are hundreds!"
876 — knock knockwhos thereCanoeCanoe who?Canoe open the door plaese!
877 What do you get when you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?Pumpkin pi!
878 Aman visiting a farm notices a three legged pig hobbeling around. Thinking itstrange such an animal should be kept on a working farm, he asked the farmerabout it."Son," said the farmer, "that pig is a hero.There was a fire which started in the barn and had spread to the house while everybody was sleeping." "That pigclimbed out of its pen, and it freed all the other animals in the barn and ledthem to safty." "Then that pig opened the back door to the house and got us allout before we had come to harm." "Why, that pig saved the farm and the livesof my whole family.""Oh I see." said the visitor. "But why does the pig have only three legs?"“Why son...," said the farmer, "a pig like that you just don't eat all at once."
879 _ so there's these two talking muffins, and they're sitting in an oven. one of them looksat the other and says, "boy, it's hot in here!" and the other one says, "oh my god, it's a talkingmuffin!"
880 The night watchman was making his rounds and was surprised that no one was in theoffice except a big dog emptying wastebaskets.The watchman stared at the animal, wondering if his imagination could be playing tricks onhim...The dog looked up and said, "Don't be surprised. This is just part of my job.""Incredible!" exclaimed the man. "I can't believe it! Does your boss know what a prize he hasin you? An animal that can talk!""No, no," pleaded the dog. "Please don't, If that man finds out I can talk he will make meanswer the phone as well!"
881 Aman hurrying home ona cold rainy night takes a shortcut through the local cemeteryand falls into an freshly dug, empty grave. He struggles to get out but can't climb the wet,slippery walls. He begins shouting for help but has little hope as the rain is making athunderous noise and it is late at night. A drunk, oblivious to the weather, is wending his waythrough the graveyard when he hears the frantic crys. He goes to the gravesite and looksdown incredulously. “Help me!" the stranded man pleads. "Well. what's the matter?" thedrunk asks, struggling to keep his balance on the edge of the grave. "What's the matter? Lookat me! I'm wet and I'm freezing," the man shouts in exasperation. "Well..no wonder," thedrunk replies, "You kicked all your dirt offt"
882 After years of nagging, the wife was finally going deer hunting with her husband."I'll drop you off here and go park the car. Don't get into trouble," says her husband.He drove the car down the road and parked it. Walking back he could hear a heatedargument between his wife and some man."It's my deer. I shot it!" he could hear his wife shouting.The man's voice kept insisting... "That's NOT your deer, lady!"The husband started walking faster.His wife said "It is TOO, my deer. I shot it and it's mine.""No it's NOT!" said the man.The argument got louder and louder with his wife shouting about her killing her first deer.Finally, the weary voice of the man was heard admitting defeat, "Okay, lady, it's YOUR deer.Just let me get my saddle off it..." 883 One woman had always wanted to take a bath in a tub filled with warm milk. So shecalled the dairyman out to measure the tub and find out how much milk she would need andhow much it would cost. He began measuring and asked her, "Do you want it pasteurized?"And she said, "No, just up to my bosom would be fine."
884 Aman prays to god every friday: "Oh God let me win the state lottery" .. One day avoice comes to him and says "Come on - Give me a chance! Buy a lottery ticket!"
885 What did one casket say to the other? That you coughin'?
886 On Monday a delivery van was stolen containing files and diaries. The next dayanother van was stolen, this time containing filing cabinets. The police believe it wasorganised crime.
887 Acity feller goes to a dude ranch and arrives in the evening. Making conversation withthe cow-hand, he asks "Are we going to be driving that bunch of cows over there?" "Herd" isthe cowhand's reply. "Heard? Heard of what?" asks the city slicker. "Herd of COWS" repliesthe cow-hand. "'Course I've heard of cows," says the indignant city dweller. "There's a bunchof ‘em right over there!"
888 Three men were ona boat and they wanted a smoke. They had a packet of cigarettes,but no matches. So how did they get to have their smoke?Don't know?Simple. They threw one of the cigarettes overboard and then the boat was a cigarette lighter!
889 A magician was working on a cruise ship in the Caribbean. The audience would bedifferent each week, so the magician allowed himself to do the same tricks over and overagain. There was only one problem: The captain's parrot saw the shows each week and beganto understand how the magician did every trick. Once he understood he started shouting inthe middle of the show: "Look, it's not the same hat" "Look, he is hiding the flowers under thetable" "Hey, why are all the cards the Ace of Spades ?" The magician was furious but couldn'tdo anything; it was, after all, the captain's parrot. One day the ship had an accident and sank.The magician found himself on a piece of wood in the middle of the ocean with the parrot, ofcourse. They stared at each other with hate, but did not utter a word. This went on for a dayand another and another. After a week the parrot said: "OK, I give up. Where's the boat?"
890 Acocker spaniel limps into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'm looking for the manwho shot my paw."
891 Aman goes to see the doctor -Man - Doctor, Doctor I feel like a cowboy!Doc - Mmmmmm, and how long have you felt this way?Man - about a YEEEEEEHAAAAAAA! 892 Aman ina balloon calls down to a fellow on the ground. "Where am I?", he asks."You're in a balloon", the fellow replies. "You must be a software engineer", says the man inthe balloon - "for where else could I receive such a useless, yet technically correct answer?"The fellow on the ground yells, back: "Very good guess! I am a software engineer - you mustbe a manager!" The startled man in the balloon admits this is true and asks how the fellow onthe ground knew this. "Because you don't know where you are, or where you are going, andare still in the same situationyou were before asking for my help - but now you've somehow managed to make it my fault",the fellow replied.
893  Aship carrying blue paint has collided with a ship carrying red paint.All passengers have been marooned.
894  Aship carrying artificial limbs has sunk.All hands are reported lost.
895 What do you call a cow spying on another cow? A steak out.
896 Alinguistics professor was lecturing to his class one day. ‘In English,’ he said, 'A doublenegative forms a positive. In some languages, though, such as Russian, a double negative isstill a negative. However, there is no language wherein a double positive can form a hegative.'A voice from the back of the room piped up, ‘Yeah, right.’
897 What do you get if you cross a pit bull with a collie? A dog that will chew your leg offthen run for help.
898 _ Bob received a parrot for his birthday. The parrot was fully grown, with avery bad attitude and worse vocabulary.Every other word was an expletive; those that weren't expletives were, tosay the least, rude. Bob tried to change the bird's attitude by constantly saying polite words,playing softmusic...anything he could think of. Nothing worked.He yelled at the bird, and the bird got worse. He shook the bird, and thebird got madder and more rude.Finally, in a moment of desperation, Bob put the parrot in the freezer.For a few moments he heard the bird swearing, squawking, kicking andscreaming and then, suddenly, there was absolute quiet. Bob was frightened that he mighthave actuallyhurt the bird, and quickly opened the freezer door.The parrot calmly stepped out onto Bob's extended arm and said, "I'm sorrythat I offended you with my language and my actions, and I ask your forgiveness. I willendeavour to correctmy behaviour".Bob was astounded at the changes in the bird's attitude and was about toask what had changed him, when the parrot continued, "May I ask what the Chickendid?" 899 Q:Howdo mommy brooms and daddy brooms make baby brooms?A: They sweep together!
900 Johnny was having trouble in math, so his parents sent him to catholic private school.On the first day he came rushing back home and started working furiously on his math. He didthe same after supper. His mother was impressed and commented to him, "Wow, Johnny,you're really working hard!" Johnny looked up and said, "Well, when I went in there and sawthat guy nailed to the plus sign, I just knew they were'nt messing around."
901 Two men on the 9th tee tire of waiting for two women to get off the fairway. Oneman approaches them but before he reaches the women he does an abrupt U turn,and explains to his partner that one of the women is his wife and the other ishis girl friend. The second man agrees to go but also does a U turn before reachingthe ladies and explains to his partner on returning "Small world, isn't it!"
902 Howmany surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?Two. On to hold the giraffe and one to put the clocks in the bath tub.
903  Q: why did the football coach go to the bank ? A: to get his quarterback!
904  Ascientist who thought he knew everything was going on a business trip. On theairplane, he sat next to a lady. He asked her, "Do you want to play a game where | ask youaquestion and if you can't answer, you give me $5 and then you ask me a question and I giveyou $5 if I can't answer?""No""How about if when I can't answer, I give you $1000, but if you can't answer, you only have togive me $5?""No""How about if I can't answer, I give you $2000?""OK"“What is the top speed of an Indian fruit bat?"The lady gave him $5 and asked him, "What has 15 legs going up a hill, 137 legs at the top, and
57 legs coming down?"The man searched in every resource he had and eventually gave up and gave the lady $2000,then asked, "What is the answer?"The lady gave him $5.
905 A guy goes into a restaurant on Christmas morning for breakfast. The waitress serveshim his eggs benedict on a large and very shiny, metal plate. The guy says, what's with thisplate? The waitress says: "It's Christmas, and there's no plates like chrome for thehollandaise."
906 __— A Victor was out playing golf with his good friend John. After a few holes John wasgetting frustrated as he was not that good a golfer. Finally when he missed an easy putt heblurted out, "Damn, I missed the bugger!". The Victor said, "Now John, you must be careful as God may punish you if you say that again."On the next hole the Victor staid close to John offering quiet support. As John missed an eveneasier putt he shouted "Damn, I missed the bugger!"Suddenly a there was a large clapp of thunder and a lightning bolt pierced the air and killedthe Victor. And a voice from the sky said, "Damn, I missed the bugger!"
907 What do otters say when they get stuck in seaweed??Kelp!! Kelp!!
908 Acouple is vacationing somewhere in France. One fine afternoon, they visit a historicchurch. They climb up to the bell tower to take a few pictures, and there they find a littlehunch-backed man. "Hello," they greet him, but he ignores them and cries: "I must ring thebell!" He then runs face first into the enormous church bell, ringing it, and then falls from thetower to his death below. "Who was that?" the man asks his wife. "I'm not sure,” sheanswers, "but his face certainly rings a bell."Follow up: The next day the couple returns to the tower. A second hunch-back, identicle tothe first, appears and exclaims: "I must ring the bell!" He runs into the bell, falls from thetower, and dies. "Well, who was that?" the man wonders, to which his wife replies: "I don'tknow. .. but he was a dead ringer for the other guy."
909 What's the difference between a coyote and a flea?One howls on the prairie, and one prowls on the hairy
910 Aman was driving a convertible with three penquins in the back seat. He stopped atagas station and said to the attendant, "I've been driving around with these penguins for daysnow. I don't know what to do with them." "Why don't you take them to the zoo?" theattendant suggested. "That's a great idea. Thanks!" said the man.A week later the same guy stops at the same gas station- the penguins are still in the backseat. The attendant says to him, "Hey, I thought you were going to take them to the zoo?" "Idid," the man replied. "We had a blast- today we're going to the beach!"
911 Q: Why did the first monkey fall out of the tree?: Because he was dead.Why did the second monkey fall out of the tree?Because he was tied to the first monkey.Why did the third monkey fall out of the tree?Monkey see, monkey do.Why did the fourth monkey fall out of the tree?Peer pressure.POPOPOPY
912 Anelderly couple was on a cruise and it was really stormy. They were standing on theback of the boat watching the moon, when a wave came up and washed the old womanoverboard. They searched for days and couldn't find her, so the captain sent the old man backto shore with the promise that he would notify him as soon as they found something. Threeweeks went by and finally the old man got a fax from the boat. It read: "Sir, sorry to informyou, we found your wife dead at the bottom of the ocean. We hauled her up to the deck and attached to her rear was an oyster and in it was a pearl worth $50,000 ..please advise"The old man faxed back: "Send me the pearl and re-bait the trap"
913 Two magpies were sitting on the telegraph wires. One turned to the other and said"Don't those long words tickle your bum?"
914 Anelderly couple had dinner at another couple's house, and after eating, the wives leftthe table and went into the kitchen.The two elderly gentlemen were talking, and one said, "Last night,we went out to a newrestaurant, and it was really great. I would recommend it very highly."The other man said, "What was the name of the restaurant?"The first man thought and thought and finally said, "What is the name of thatflower you give to someone you love?? You know... the one that is red and has thorns.""Do you mean a rose?""Yes," the man said. He then turned towards the kitchen and yelled,"Rose, what's the name of that restaurant we went to last night?"
915 adogcomes into a bar and asks for a beerthe bartender, a little surprised serves the dog the beerthe dog drinks the beer and asks for the bill"it'll be 10 dollars" says the bartenderthe dog pays and is leaving through the door when the bartender says"jt is not usual to have dogs here drinking"the dog hears and answers "for 10 dollars a beer no dog can keep drinking here"
944 How Do You Get Holy Water? You Boil The Hell Out Of It.
945 A wife went to the police station with her next-door neighbor to report her husbandwas missing. The policeman asked for a description.She said, "He's 35 years old, 6 foot 4, had dark eyes, dark wavy hair, an athletic build, weighs
185 pounds, is soft-spoken, and is good to the children."The next-door neighbor protested, "Your husband is 5 foot 4 inches, chubby, bald, has a bigmouth, and is mean to your children."The wife replied, "Yeah, but who wants HIM back?"
946 Why was tigger looking in the toilet?to find pooh
947 What fizzy drink does a frog drink?Croca cola
948  Whatis the difference between a duck?One of its legs are both the same!
949 Q: What's yellow and can't waterski?A: A bulldozer. 950 What do you calla dry parrot?Polyunsaturated
951 Thecourt was investigating an accidentJudge: What gear were you in at the moment of the impact?A: Gucci sweats and Reeboks.
952 Chap goes to the doctor, who examines him and says "Hmmm, OK, go over to thewindow and stick your tongue out". "But" protests the chap "I've only got a sore knee!". "Iknow" says the doctor "but I hate that bloke across the road".
953  Whatis the definition of pain?A one-armed man hanging off a cliff with an itchy bum.
954 Why are girraffes necks so long?Because their heads are so far away.
955 husband tells doctor, Doctor my wife thinks she's a four poster bed.'doctor replies, ‘In that case, she needs to go into care.'husband responds, 'But what will I sleep on'
956 Q.Howdo you know that you have slept like a log?A. You wake up in the fireplace.
957 "I don’t care whose son you are. | don’t want you walking on the water here where Iam fishing and scaring the fishes away."
958 Q. Why do squirrels swim on their backs?A. To keep their nuts dry.
959 Stopped ata friend's house the other day and found him stalkingaround with a fly swatter.When | asked if he was getting any flies, he answered,"Yeah, 3 males and 2 females”.Curious, I inquired as to how he could tell the difference.He answered, "3 were on a beer can and 2 were on the phone."
960 man goes into adoctors surgery. Doctor, I've got a pain in my leg,Do you know what it could be? ~=Gout says the doctor. Why says the patient "I've only justcome in.
961 Q: What did one chimney say to the other A: your to young to smoke 962 ‘It's acontest. There's three contestants. The object is they say a phrase and have to fillin the blank and spell the word. First contestant - "old macdonald had a " Firstcontestant says house HOUSE. Wrong!!!Second contestant "old macdonald had a ". Yard YARD. Wrong!!!Third contestant "old macdonald had a " farm, EIEIO.
963 Adogcalled "Rufus Jagger" walks into a bank. The Teller say's "Hello my name is SallyWhack, how can I help you". The dog puts a keyring with a little toy elephant attached to itonto the counter and says "I'd like a loan please". Sally Whack, baffeled by what's happeningpicks up the keyring and calls her manager, she explains the situation and show's hermanager the keyring. The manager say's "It's a nick nack Sally Whack give the dog a loan hisold man's a rolling stone".
964 The preacher was wired for sound with a lapel mike, and as he preached, he movedbriskly about the platform, jerking the mike cord as he went. Then he moved to one side,getting wound up in the cord and nearlytripped before jerking it again. After several circles and jerks, a little girl in the third pewleaned toward her mother and whispered, "If he gets loose, will he hurt us?"
965 Two elderly ladies had been friends for many decades. Over the years they had sharedall kinds of activities and adventures. Lately, their activities had been limited to meeting a fewtimes a week to play cards. One day they were playing cards when one looked at the otherand said, "Now don't get mad at me.....1 know we've been friends for a long time, but I justcan't remember your name. I've thought and thought, but I can't recall it. Please tell me whatyour name is." Her friend glared at her. For at least three minutes she just looked at her.Finally she said, "How soon do you need to know?"
966 what did one strawberry say to the other strawbery?if you weren't so fresh last night we wouldn't be in this jam.
967 Acouple in their sixties are walking along the beach to admire the sunset. The wifesees a dirty lamp, and the husband stoops down to dust it off. magically, a genie appears outof nowhere and thanks the couple profusely for freeing him from his imprisonment. ‘as areward,’ the genie says, ‘i'll grant you each one wish.’ The wife says ‘i want to sail around theworld. send me and my husband on a first class luxurious cruise’ *POOF* she's suddenlyholding two tickets on the finest ship around the world. the genie turns to the husband, ‘andfor you, sir?' the husband looks at his wife, and leans in close to the genie ‘i want a wife that isthirty years younger than me' *POOF* and he's suddenly ninety years old.
968 One cow says to the other. "Arm't you just so worried about the mad cow disease?" Theother answers "Why should I worry? I'm not a cow, I'm a helicopter!"
969 Two gangsters walk into a grocery store and while they are walking through theVegetable aisle one gangster says to the other ,"Hey....... look at that... Artie-chokes, 2 for aDollar!! 970 What do you calla 450-pound canary sitting in a tree?Sir.
971 Aman left for work one Friday afternoon. But, instead of going home, he stayed outthe entire weekend hunting with the boys and spending his entire paycheck. When he finallygot home Sunday night, he was confronted by his very angry wife, and was barraged for 2hours. Finally, his wife stopped nagging and simply said to him, "How would you like it if youdidn't see me for 2 or 3 days?" To which he replied, " That would be fine with me." Mondaywent by, & he didn't see his wife, Tuesday & Wednesday came and went with the sameresults. Thursday the swelling went down just enough where he could see her a little out ofthe corner of his left eye.
972 Nothing succeeds like a budgie without a beak.
973  Q: What's the difference between a monkey and a bicycle?A: They both climb trees except the bicycle.
974 The old man was sitting on the bench starring at a teen-age boy with his spiked,yellow, red, green and orange hair. the kid says "what's the matter old man..haven't you everdone anything wild in your days??" "YUP, said the old man, made love to a parrot once,thought you might be my son!"
975 Whatdo you callaman withacar onhishead? Jack
976 Amaster French thief decides to pull off a huge job at the Louvre, stealing severalvaluable paintings. However, he was stopped and arrested just a few blocks away from themuseum at a gas station. When asked how he could pull off such a heist and yet get arrestedso easily, he responded,"| had no Monet to get Degas to make the Van Gogh."
977 Why do mermaids wear seashells?Beacause B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big!
978 Aguy is waiting to cross the traffic lights as a pedestrian, when another guy comes upand puts his hand in his pocket. "What do you think your doin?" the guy asks. "Just lookin foralight" the guy says.“Well why don't you just ask??" says the first guy"T don't like talkin to strangers!!" comes the reply.
979 What do you get when you cross a pitt bull with lassie? A dog that bites your leg thengoes and gets help
980 What time is it when an elephant sits on a lawn chair? Time to get a new lawn chair.
981 Wanna hear a dirty joke?...Billy fell in the mud...Wanna hear a clean joke?...Billy took a bath with bubbles. ..Wanna hear another dirty joke?...Bubbles is the girl next-door.
982 It's spring time and a family of moles decides it's time to come out of hibernation. Thedaddy mole sticks his head out of the ground, smells the air and says, "“mmmm, smells likebacon." The momma mole sticks her head out, smells the air, and says, "mmmmm, smells likepancakes." The baby mole tries to stick his head out, but there isn't enough room, so hesmells the air and says, "mmmm, smells like molasses."
983 Abus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk Ihave a work station.
984 Q: What happens if you don't pay your exorsist.A: you get repossesed
985 Why don't gypsies play rugby? - Because they have crystal balls.
986 Whatdo you calla fish thats not very smart? A dumb bass
987 did you hear about the boy whos nose grew 11inches? he thought it might turn into afoot
988 Howmany surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
10: 1 to change the lightbulb, and 9 to wrestle with the giant gecko in the bathroom!
989 Why do Skoda's have rear windscreen warmers?To keep your hands warm when your pushing it!
990 What do you call a Skoda with a sunroof?Askip.
991 Why do Skodas have two exhaust pipes?Wheelbarrow.
992 Doctor Bob had slept with one of his patients and had felt guilty all day long.No matter how much he tried to forget about it, he couldn't. The guilt and sense of betrayalwas overwhelming.But every once in a while he'd hear that soothing voice, within himself, trying to reassure him:"Bob, don't worry about it. You aren't the first doctor to sleep with one of their patients... andyou won't be the last. And you're single. Let it go......"But invariably another voice would bring him back to reality: "Bob, you're a vet..."
993 Howmany religious education teacher's does it take to screw in a light bulb?One, and their God of choice.
994 Why did the bird with one eye cross the roadTo get two birdseye factory 995 Two bugs go out of aconcert. The smaller one asks: Shall we walk home or take a dog ?
996 Aguy walks out to his porch one day and sees a snail crawling across the step. Hepicks up the snail and throws it across the lawn, into the street. Two years later he hears asoft knocking on the door, he goes to the door and opens it. The snail, looking up from theground at him, says "Well what was *that* about?"
997 What do you call a sheep with no head or legs?A cloud.
998 Iam now ona seafood diet!I see food and I eat it!!
999 So these two statues, one of a man and one of a woman, are standing in a park. Like allgood statues they are nude and covered in bird poop. One day an angel comes down and saysto them "I am going to animate you for 10 minutes and for those 10 minutes you can dowhatever you want, but then you have to become statues again for the rest of your lives. Sothey both run off behind the bushes. Sounds of true enjoyment emanate from the bushes andthen they return about 5 minutes later. The angel asks "Why don't you use your whole tenminutes?" The woman turns to the man and says "I guess we could do it again, but this timeyou hold the bird's head and I'll poop on it."
1000 Did you hear the one about the Magician who was walking down the street when heturned into a Restaurant?
1001 When! die I would like to go like my grandfather - in his sleep, quietly - not holleringand screaming like all the other people in his car.
1002 This woman rushed to see her doctor, looking very much worried and all strung out.She rattles off, "Doctor, take a look at me. When I woke up this morning, | looked at myself inthe mirror and saw my hair all wiry and frazzled up, my skin was all wrinkled and pasty, myeyes were bloodshot and bugging out, and I had this corpse-like look on my face! What'sWRONG with me, Doctor!?"The doctor looks her over for a couple of minutes, then calmly says, "Well, I can tell you thatthere ain't nothing wrong with your eyesight..."
1003 Q. What do you get when Godzilla steps on your house?A. Mushrooms.
1004 Whatis a baby bee - A little humbug
1005 Did you hear about the man who lived in a tyre? He had a puncture so now he lives in aflat! 1006 Aman is goes to his doctor because he is not feeling well. The doctor determines hiscondition is very serious and tells the man he does not have long to live. The man asks howmuch longer he has and the doctor replies "10, 9, 8, 7,..."
1007 Did you hear about the cowboy who got caught shoplifting? He got two yeehars!!
1008 Asa teacher I was trying to get my students to understand what a "pun" was. I gavethem 10 examples but was not successful. They could not understand any of them. You mightsay that no pun in ten did!
1009 Apig farmer is having trouble getting his pigs to breed. So, he asks a friend what hethinks is wrong. The friend tells him that this happened to him once, and that the pigs don'tknow how to breed. His friend says that when it happened to him, he had to show each pigwhat it was supposed to do.Well, the pig farmer feels pretty stupid about this, but decides to give ita try. But in order toavoid anyone seeing this, he piles the pigs up in the truck and drives them to a hidden part ofthe farm, way in the back. He "teaches" of all the pigs, which exhausts him and then haulsthem back to the pen.The next morning he asks his wife to check if the pigs are breeding, she tell him they aren't.Wearily, he goes out and "teaches" them all over again.The next morning he asks his wife if they are breeding yet and she says "No". Frustrated andexhausted, he asks, “Well, what are they doing?!?!" To which his wife replies, "Sitting in thetruck, honking the horn."
1011 Aman decides to take the opportunity while his wife is away to paint the toilet seat.After he finished, he went to the kitchen to raid the fridge. The wife comes home sooner thanexpected, and heads to the bathroom, sits down and gets the toilet seat stuck to her rear. Inapanic, she shouts to her husband to drive her to the doctor. She puts on a large overcoat tocover the stuck seat, and off they go. When they get to the doctors office, the man lifts hiswifels coat to show their predicament.The man asked, ‘Doctor, have you ever seen anything like this before?”“Well, yes.’ the doctor replied. ‘But never framed.
1012 A flash flood swept over an area, stranding a man in his house. As the water rose, arescue team came by in a boat. "Get in," the rescuers said. "We'll take you to safety. "No," saidthe man. "I have faith in the Lord. He will save me."The rains continued and soon the man was forced up onto his roof to avoid drowning. Soon,another boat came by. "Sir, please get in," the rescuers in this boat said. "The waters arerising. We'll take you to safety. "No," said the man again. "I have faith in the Lord. He will saveme."The boat left, and soon the man was barely able to keep his head above the water. The waterbecame rougher and a helicopter was dispatched to save the man. "We'll lower a rope. Get inthe copter!" yelled the rescuers from above. "The water shows no sign of abating. You're sure to drown!" Once again, the man refused. "I have faith in the Lord," he said calmly. "He willsave me."Eventually, the man did, in fact, drown. When he got to heaven, he saw the Lord andapproached him. "What happened?" asked the man. I had faith that you would save me fromdrowning. Why didn't you?" "Hey," replied the Lord. "I sent two boats and a helicopter. Whatelse did you want?"
1013 Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced animpressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail, andwith his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath.A super callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
1014 A flash flood swept over an area, stranding a man in his house. As the water rose, arescue team came by in a boat. "Get in," the rescuers said. "We'll take you to safety. "No," saidthe man. "I have faith in the Lord. He will save me."The rains continued and soon the man was forced up onto his roof to avoid drowning. Soon,another boat came by. "Sir, please get in," the rescuers in this boat said. "The waters arerising. We'll take you to safety. "No," said the man again. "I have faith in the Lord. He will saveme."The boat left, and soon the man was barely able to keep his head above the water. The waterbecame rougher and a helicopter was dispatched to save the man. "We'll lower a rope. Get inthe copter!" yelled the rescuers from above. "The water shows no sign of abating. You're sureto drown!" Once again, the man refused. "I have faith in the Lord," he said calmly. "He willsave me."Eventually, the man did, in fact, drown. When he got to heaven, he saw the Lord andapproached him. "What happened?" asked the man. I had faith that you would save me fromdrowning. Why didn't you?" "Hey," replied the Lord. "I sent two boats and a helicopter. Whatelse did you want?"
1015 Q. Whatis Big, Red & eats Rocks?A. A big red rock eater!
1016 Ifa wheel falls off a bus while traveling down a river, how long will it take to shingle adog house? None, because there's no bones in cottage cheese!
1017 Matt: I gota set of golf clubs for my wife.Ben: Nice trade.
1018 Two guys were walking on the street when one of them says:"I've realized that my wife is an angel."“Mine isn't human, either", said the second.
1019 Two nuns were travelling through Europe in their car. They get toTransylvania and are stopped at a traffic light. Suddenly, adiminutive Dracula jumps onto the hood of the car and scratchesat the windshield! "Quick, quick!!" shouts the first nun, "What shall I do?"“Turn the windshield wipers on, that will get rid of theabomination," shouts the second.She switches them on, knocking Dracula about, but he clings onand hisses even more loudly!“What shall I do now?" shouts the first nun."Switch on the windshield washer. | filled it up with Holy Waterin the Vatican!" says the second.Dracula steams as the water burns his skin, but he clings on andhisses again at the nuns.“Now what?" screams the first nun."Show him your cross!" says the second.So the nun rolls down the window and shouts: "GET OFF MY FREAKIN'HOOD!!"
1020 Question: What is a honeymooner's sandwich?Answer: Lettuce alone!
1021 What's a Grecian Urn?About 50 Drachma a day
1022 Q: Why did the Koala fall out of the tree.A: Because it was dead!Q: Why did the Kookaburra fall out of the treeA: Because it was hit by a falling dead KoalaQ: Why do Kangaroo's jumpA: To miss all the dead Koala's.
1023 Q: What can you tell when your drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth?A: The stage is level.
1024 Aguy gets home from work one night and hears a voice. The voice tells him, "Quityour job, sell your house, take your money, go to Vegas."The man is disturbed at what he hears and ignores the voice. The next day when he getshome from work, the same thing happens. Thevoice tells him, "Quit your job, sell your house, take your money, go to Vegas." Again the manignores the voice, though he is very troubled bythe event.Every day, day after day, the man hears the same voice when he gets homefrom work, "Quit your job, sell your house, take your money, go to Vegas."Each time the man hears the voice he becomes increasingly upset. Finally,after two weeks, he succumbs to the pressure. He does quit his job, sellshis house, takes his money and heads to Vegas.The moment the man gets off the plane in Vegas, the voice tells him, "Goto Harrah's." So, he hops in a cab and rushes over to Harrah's. As soonas he sets foot in the casino, the voice tells him, "Go to the roulette table." The man does as he is told.When he gets to the roulette table, the voice tells him, "Put all yourmoney on 17." Nervously, the man cashes in his money for chips and thenputs them all on 17.The dealer wishes the man good luck and spins the roulette wheel. Aroundand around the ball goes. The man anxiously watches the ball as it slowlyloses speed until finally it settles into number... 21.The voice says, "Damn."
1025 How many ears did Davy Crockett have? Three. A left ear, a right ear, and a wild frontear.
1026 Where does Kylie get her keebabs from?...Jasons Donervan!
1027 Jesus Christ walks up to an angry mob that is stoning a harlot. He steps into the frayand calls out in a commanding voice:“Let he who is without sin cast the first stone."Shamefaced, the crowd stops and begins to slink away. Suddenly, a woman shrieks, "Stoneher!", and the mob starts again with the frenzied stoning.Christ, chagrined, goes to the woman and says:“Damn it, Mom, I hate it when you do that.."
1028 What do you get if you lie, face down under a cow?Answer: A PAT ON THE BACK!
1031 How did the elephant get on the tree? Sat on an acorn and waited for it to grow.How did the elephant get off the tree? Sat on a leaf and waited till Autumn.
1032 What do you get if you lie, face down under a cow?Answer: A PAT ON THE BACK!
1034 Whats a canibles favourite game?Swallow my leader!
1035 ifa fly anda flee pass each other what time is it?Fly past flee!
1036 Q.Why was the Egtptian girl worried?A.Because her Daddy was a mummy!
1037 Q:How many psychanalysts are needed to change a light bulb ?A: One is enough, but the bulb must want to change, and it can take years. 1038 Adrummer gets fed up with all the comments denying he's a real musician, and so hedecides to learn some new instruments. He visits his local Music shop, and spends an hourlooking around and deliberating."Right!" He says, after an age. "I'll have the shiny red one, and the accordion thing over there"."T'll do you a deal" ays the Music Shop Manager, "You can but the fire extinguisher, but theradiator is staying where it is".
1039 Q.When is a vet busiest? A.When its raining cats and dogs!
1040 Q) What is the difference between illegal and unlawful?A) One is against the law and the other is a sick bird.
1041 Q.What's the difference between a rainstorm and a lion with a toothace.A.One pours with rain and the other roars with pain.